This a must do in London. The food is amazing and you get to see all of the views in London. It's incredible value for money. Rayan and Yuvi were our hosts and they took great care of us. We got caught up in traffic because of an accident and they took great care of us
So nice. Food amazing and service was amazing. Almira and Marisa were very friendly and took part in our joking. Fab experience with great views.
This was amazing and such a good experience. The food was excellent, the service fantastic and going at Christmas and being able to see the Christmas lights was just perfect. This is a must whilst in London and I will recommend it to everyone!
We had the best experience with Bustronome.My husband had his birthday and the staff- Yuvi and Fhilippe, sang a happy birthday song. It was so cute! He got a whole cake too. We are very satisfied and can easily recommend Bustronome as a fun way to experience London's sightseeing while you have a nice time!
Wooooow what a service...what a menu what a lovely time we had in the company the ever smiling and ever helpful crew of the Bustro Nome... My wife and i throughly enjoyed every minute of it...we wanted to double up on a meal and London tour and it was definitely what the doctor ordered... A DEFINITE MUST DO
Food was good… not great, but more than enjoyable given it’s being prepared on a bus. Would I eat it again, yes. So no complaints. Hosts were brilliant. Wine was really good. Overall experience of good food, setting and seeing the sights was truly excellent.
Fantastic staff, could not have been nicer or more helpful. Fooe extremely good and looked good on the plate, 7 delicious courses and servings of wine to accompany them. All of this topped off with the lovely bus restaurant and tour around london. Lovely evening with good food and the two young men serving were great. WILL be returning.
I recently dined at Bustronome and had the pleasure of being served by Jackson. His exceptional service added to the overall delightful experience, with warm gestures and a friendly demeanor that enhanced the dining atmosphere. The combination of the unique bus setting and Jackson's attentive service made it a memorable evening.
My disappointment with the Bustronome experience in London on December 20, 2023, is magnified by the fact that our special occasion was far from special. Despite the hefty price, the wine pairing failed to enhance the flavorless, unimaginative dishes— a culinary letdown. The supposed sightseeing tour felt mundane, circling familiar landmarks repeatedly that were nearly impossible to view anyway through the fogged up bus windows. The only saving grace was our female server who not only radiated positivity but bore the brunt of the workload, while the male server seemed clueless, more focused on socializing. This unequal service further soured the already lackluster experience. A full refund is not just justified; it’s essential for an occasion that promised much more than it delivered. Save your celebrations for a venue that values both your money and your experience.
What an experience. From stepping on the bus to leaving we were made very welcome and was looked after. The atmosphere was just amazing, the food was delicious and plenty of it. We was on the 4 course lunch tour. The views topped off the experience. I would recommend this 100% it's the perfect way to see the ultimate views of London, while being served high quality food, drink and service. All I can say is wow and thank you. 
What an amazing & SUPER tasty experience! Right from the get go, greeted with such upbeat welcoming warmth, right through with such amenable and atentative dinner service, & helpfulness throughout. My hard of walking mother was able to see London’s beautiful sites from the comfort of their, amazingly well thought out double-decker bus (with toilet) though we totally forgot about the audio side of the tour!! (perhaps a little headset would have helped her more than her phone) . Compliments to the chef, as the food was a feast for your eyes as well as your taste buds - they deserve all the awards they get, truly - especially producing such lovely fresh food from only a quarter of the bus!! Seats are of course already allocated so no need to turn up early. Don’t bring excess luggage or giant handbags as will only get in the way though storage for wheelchairs with ability to get up steps to the top level necessary - and perhaps a little light Knee blanket as Aircon needs to be on to stop bus steaming up. A big pat on my back for choosing this as mum hasn’t stopped talking about it to everyone she meets & neither have I – got some amazing photo memories too. Perfect occasion to see London’s Christmas lights and sites for the hard of walking whilst having luxury dining food. 
Absolutely amazing food and trip around London. The staff, chef and driver were brilliant, especially as you are on the move all the time. We will definitely return!
Save Your Money!The Bustronome sounds like it would be a nice way to celebrate your visit to London but read on. We noticed discriminating treatment right from the start, especially from the lady server.Us, a non-Caucasian couple, two gentlemen together and another American couple had treatment that differed from British customers.Our wine glasses were only filled halfway. The British customers wine glasses were filled three quarters of the way. We were told that all wine had to be pre-purchased, that there would be no way to purchase wine bottles on the bus. Not true. The table in front of us had several bottles of wine taken to them for sampling. They then decided which, of four sampled bottles they were going to buy. That table also had the pairing wine topping off their glasses continuously. Later, they were given bottles with some wine left in each that should have gone to other guests. We thought this would have been a nice anniversary dinner. We had Lamb chops as our main course. The Lamb chops were tuff, stringy, chewy. I spit out what was in my mouth and sent it back. Never received a replacement. Yes, you do pass sites on the bus route but, nobody on the PA system points out what you are seeing. For our anniversary dessert we had a candle stuck into our dessert. Okay, same dessert as everybody else, except a candle. The people in front of us were celebrating a birthday. They had a beautiful mini cake with candles served.Save your money. Nowhere near as nice as stated by their website. They don’t treat their customers equally. As we walked out everybody must have felt the same, we didn’t see any extra tip left on the tables, even the guy in front of us table.
Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor. We value all feedback as it helps us improve our services and address concerns. We'd like to clarify a few points raised in your review. Firstly, we sincerely apologize for any inconsistency in wine pouring. Our aim is to provide an excellent dining experience for all our guests; sometimes, waiters may unintentionally make mistakes in wine service. We appreciate your understanding that it may not have been a case of discrimination.Regarding the birthday cake and the dessert presentation, we want to clarify that any special requests, such as birthday cakes or specific arrangements for celebratory moments, can be accommodated upon prior request and payment. We are delighted to create memorable moments for our guests when they celebrate special occasions, but these arrangements are typically made in advance to ensure they meet our guests' preferences and expectations.We appreciate your feedback and are committed to maintaining a high standard of service for all our guests. If you have any further concerns or would like to discuss your experience in more detail, please feel free to contact our customer service team directly at london@bustronome.com .We hope you'll consider giving us another chance to provide you with an improved experience in the future. Your feedback is valuable to us, and we will use it to enhance our services.
Food was really poor, no pre ordered veggie meals onboard and we were given a dish of boiled carrots! Most of the tour speakers weren’t working either.
Food was cold, tiny portions, cauliflower was raw, gluten free options very bland. Felt rushed off at the end. Service just seemed to stop and not offered tea or coffee. Had to ask for it as it was part of the set menu. They had to keep checking dietary requirements which worried those diners with special dietary requirements. Didn’t bother with the commentary pens. Would rather sit and chat but maybe commentary on the bus would be better.
On the plus side, the staff were absolutely brilliant and very helpful. However, that's as positive as I can make it. The meal was the worse I have ever been presented with, the various courses ranging from averagely awful to simply inedible. The hot courses were cold and badly cooked. The tour round London would have been better if there had been some guidance as to what we were passing and when. The bus was also really cold, so much so some of us had to put our coats on during the meal. Nevertheless, we had a laugh but will never come back!
We had an ok time but I’m afraid to say not an amazing time. The time between each course is far too long and the beef fillet was tiny and stone cold. Lacked flavour.I couldn’t tell you which landmarks we saw because there wasn’t any commentary on the bus. A quick ‘to your right/left is’ would have been perfect. Half of the time I couldn’t get the audio pen to work so didn’t use it. After 3 hours I couldn’t wait up get off.
Went on the 4 course lunch. 1st mistake was not to change one of the dishes (lamb) as wife doesn't like. All they could do was do cod for two courses. Thought bus would be smoother alot of bumps and braking. Food was really good didn't like sitting backwards. Overall ok but wouldn't do again
Dined at a distinguished Indian restaurant that left a lasting impression. The establishment's meticulous service, delectable cuisine, notably the scallops and biryani, contributed to a delightful experience. Mitra, our attentive server, demonstrated exceptional hospitality, ensuring a memorable dining occasion. I anticipate revisiting soon.
Excellent customer service especially with the children. Ordered perfectly to everyone’s taste and spice tolerance. The children were recommend delicious meals that they enjoyed very much. There’s a lovely selection of exquisite desserts on offer. The music and the atmosphere was lavish and inviting. Lovely birthday dinner out with the family. Well worth the money.
The food we ordered was extremely disappointing. Dishes to avoid: 5 lentil dal (tasteless with no depth), okra curry (just strange), paneer (lacking tang and finesse). At this price point, head to zone 1 for the taste sensations one has come to expect of Indian food. The fact that nothing came out piping hot didn't help. The service was reasonable and that's as positive as it gets I'm afraid. 
Visited recently and felt immediately uncomfortable as there were no social distances between tables. Food is expensive for what you get. Small portions. Rice stale. Meat platter disappointing one lonely tough lamb chop. A few chunks of chicken and 3 oversalted kofta. A quarter of tandoori was added. Biryaini dry and tasteless. Encouraged to have a dumpling starter. We were given a taste on the house. Ok here we have dry ice and four frozen dumplings undercooked and it's 15 quid! Table was cleaned when diner eating left wet and staff tried to take plate when not finished! I enjoyed my company but hate being ripped off and poor food experience 
Food bland, service awful. Saw the manager and waiters hounding a couple and their baby as their son was playing up a little. Rude customers had the audacity to complain about their child. Awful behaviour by the management and waiters talking about them. Will never visit this place again. Food is boring and bland too, caters to westerners.
We went to this restaurant a few months ago having read great reviews on trip advisor. I really do not understand where all these good reviews are coming from. To start with, the food is expensive for its location, the portion sizes are measly, there is a lot of colouring and sugar in the dishes and the quality of lamb and chicken is poor. This restaurant is typical of Bangladeshi cuisine you get in places like brick lane which are full of sugar and colouring with no authentic taste. I am a connoisseur of Indian food and have been to so many Indian restaurants in London, some very good and some very poor and this restaurant has to be in the bottom of the pile for sure.
Foodwise, i failed to see what made this place so popular. We had ordered a variety of items from the menu, which all looked pretty, yet not one dish had impressed.
Disappointed with my latest trip to the bayleaf. I had not visited for a year and when the menu arrived I was shocked to see the prices of the food. £19 for a curry. The restaurant has always been overpriced but even more so on my latest visit. This is a Greater London restaurant and reflects west end prices. The food was bland and not worth the money spent.
We had a party there a few weeks back. We were offered the set menus, the food was very bland! Portions couldn’t justify the hefty price tag! The veg options were awful and we paid the same as the meat option. £45 per head for a couple of side dishes was unjustified. 
We went for an early evening curry . 1st time there , interior is nice but the food was small portioned , very tasteless and ridiculously expensive. Its double what you would pay elsewhere. Looking at the owners comments he says he has to charge to retain the quality and service ... well thats total rubbish as most other places are half the price and in my opinion the food is so average. A total rip off . Defo will not be going back .
Was a little disappointed with the food that should have been better at these prices. A vegetable side dish was swimming in oil which made the last parts look distinctly unappetising. And the main prawn dish and the main mixed tandoori were alright but no better. 
Due to a familly aniversary we have dedided to give a try to this restaurant. I was not amazed by the food quality neither the service. Everything was ok, don’t get wrong, but nothing special to reflect the prices or the service charge. Few minues would be, there is a bit to dark in there, tables did not get clean after the smoky starters so the tables staied wet for the rest of our dinning, overpriced.
Good customer service and nice atmosphere. Was quiet when we arrived but a large party at a table close to us with young children crying and this soon changed. the food was average but small portions and very overpriced. I had the lamb chops which was simply 3 very small chops. The mixed grill looked good which i should have probably gone for. For starters we had a selection of the sheesh, chicken and paneer which were ok.
The staff here are very courteous and attentive however one took our plates away while we were still eating the poppadoms. He said our starters were ready.The food was nice. I had a lamb dish but the lamb was slightly over cooked. My friend was very happy the vegetarian choice. The atmosphere is pleasant and the tables are a good size.Fairly expensive for what you get and I did not get any Wow factor. Quite a nice evening but I wouldn't rush back.
Lovely atmosphere of the restaurant. Mitra was serving us - she was very attentive and friendly. She made our experience so wonderful by catering for our needs, checking in and helping serve the food. 
The meal is the best I've had in London, and the service is genuine Bayleaf. Don't forget to include Bayleaf in your memorable memories.
Dishes had some good twists to them. Second time we’ve been here and it was just as enjoyable as the first.
Great service and very kind workers. The food was amazing.The people were very delightful to talk with and the service was quick.
The pizzas arrived cold and the dough was very chewy and taught to eat . Sorry but I will not recommend it again soon until they improve themselves.
Worst experience EVER!I ordered 2x pizzas tonight and nothing got delivered. Called up Pizza Union and the guy (Dale) was incredibly rude and unhelpful. As was Deliveroo who I ordered through. I absolutely do NOT recommend ordering with Pizza Union Dalston, they are an AWEFUL pizza shop! Would have preferred profanity - but hey... Yea they’re cheap but you get what you pay for - better to pay the extra £2 for ACTUAL service.
I really wanted to like this place but I’m afraid I have some issues. The pizza when it arrived was not properly cut into slices so it was a messy job to sort that out with a basic table knife. I don’t think an authentic Italian Pizzaiolo would ever serve a pizza that way. The pizza was just ok, but I prefer Franco Manca. My issue came just before leaving. On passing from the bathroom I noticed stacks and stacks and I mean fifty plus ready made pizza bases left out in the open by the kitchen area. And not a sign of any of the lovely dough or flour you’d look for in a proper pizza joint. So my question is are they reheating dried out or frozen pizza bases. What is the deal? And how does that work with food hygiene. They were not even covered up. I would love for the owner to explain this business model. They cannot call the pizzas freshly made, those bases certainly didn’t look fresh to me. Gutted as I really wanted to like the place but this has put me off.
Using the cheapest ingredients in a extremely salted and over cooking dough more similar than a cracker than a proper Italian dish,I ruined my Saturday thanks to pizza union.
First time was a delivery. The margarita pizza arrived very dry and the dough was all crispy (not just on the side). I figured that it was maybe because the delivery took time or something.
Wanted something quick to eat before going to theatre, this fitted the bill. Unfortunately though the pizza was tasteless. Base do thin and dry it tasted like cardboard and no discernible topping apart from the spinach and egg. Maybe some are fooled by theDalston industrial vibe but really an egg sandwich would have been tastier. Won't be returning.
Trendy, delicious serving reasonably priced pizza. Good location right next to Dekker house on Dalston Square
After such great reviews I was expecting something wonderful and our pizza was awful, Service was ineffective too. I can't describe how poorly we were taken care of.
We came for the pizza driven by the amazing review. The pizza is good, but I guess I was expecting more traditional Italian food. Worth the try.
Really great pizzas but be careful if not wanting or swapping a particular topping as you get charged extra. The wife didn’t want onions on her selected pizza and wanted to swap for mushrooms. Was told the mushrooms would be charged extra. Then asked to put the unwanted onions on my pizza and was told they would be charged for as extra! Not a very customer friendly policy if you ask me. Anyway, damn good pizzas if you’re happy with the toppings that are stipulated.
It's not going to win many awards but for the price it is a great London Cheap Eats. You could easily have a pizza and a drink for the same price as a sandwich in Pret which I think is amazing considering the location of these places. Well done guys, keep up the good work.
casual pizza spot, very affordable pizzas that's why I guess people are praising it but quality wise just am ok pizza!
Great pizza, friendly staff and super affordable! Definitely my new weeknight pizza spot in Dalston area!
There are a range of toppings you can choose from for an extra pound. The pizza came in 4 minutes and was notified by the tab i recieved which rang when the food was ready. The garlic sauce is especially good and would recommend with a fiorentina. Great experience overall. 10/10 and would suggest visiting if in Hackney.
Staff very welcoming and friendly. Good very good prices for good quality food. Could maybe do with adding a few more sides as an option, but overall good experience and nice food. Great cocktails too! Defo coming back!
This is one of the good Pizza Outlet in London. It offers wide varieties of Pizza. The taste of ordered pizza was very good. It is well maintained outlet
I came back today and definitely it’s my favourite place to go, as I mentioned, really friendly staff!! Amazing pizzas!
Best place for quick and good pizza, i came that wasn't very busy so i got my pizza in less than 5 minites, incredible
Really nice thin based pizza, ingredients are very tasty, excellent for a quite bite and drink whilst shopping around, staff were very friendly and all getting along with eachother
A wonderful place with very good pizza…the nice staff verry friendly ..You can go with friends or family its amazing ! The best pizza in town .
The food was AMAZING, everything was organic and the food came in 5 minutes. The service was so good, suzan’s was an amazing waitress. She always came to check in on us and mad sure we liked everything
Visited NYC twice, came here twice. Food and wine are amazing, atmosphere is what you want in a restaurant. Victoria, our host made us feel welcome and her recommendations were exactly what we wanted. They were able to accommodate me when I needed a veggie option of a meat dish.
Busy place with a large outdoor seating area and a reasonably priced menu, which is precisely why we chose it. We were happily surprised. Service was attentive, food was good but not exceptional -- we had the veggie pannini which was fresh and tasty but just couldn't compare to the wonderful calzone stuffed with prosciutto (I didn't want to share, it was that good). And of course the people watching was great, so all in all, it was a great rest spot for a bite to eat.
Just went to olio e piu for dinner and was served by susanna. The food and service was amazing and they catered for my vegan diet with no issues. They informed me of all the available options and I went for the vegetariana pizza without cheese which I definitely recommend. Will be back again on my next trip to New York.
My friend and I are visiting from Los Angeles, and Victoria served us and it was such a lovely experience. I informed her I was vegan, and she went out of her way to immediately inform me of my options, and even had her manager come over to let me know. The energy is super cute and a fun place to catch up with friends. 💖💕
Enjoyed lunch with my friends. The waitress Victoria was super nice and lovely with us. We will definitely come again when in town. I'm vegan and they also had vegan options for me! 
Very disappointed given the previous reviews of this place.Despite telling them in advance I was vegan and requested a table outside, we were squeezed into a small table in the corner inside. No matter. When I mentioned to the waiter I was vegan I was met with the one liner "There is not a lot we can offer you".Given the restaurant is Italian I would have thought this a very simple request to accommodate.So all in all, very let down and won't be back.
Suzana our waitress was so wonderful and so helpful with ideas for ordering... the food was absolutely delicious and we have a vegan daughter and they were so kind to accommodate her, we had a wonderful time and we will definitely come again
We were super excited to eat here. As it is supposed to be one of the best Italian places in NYC and good for vegans.The overall feeling was nice and the place was great. We sat down and ordered lunch.I said i was a vegan and the waiter looked like i offended him. My girlfriend wanted mozzarella on her Pasta and he said it was not possible before saying he could give her a bit for 8 dollars. Later we got charged 2 dollars for the mozzarella which was more fitting.Overall the food was good (but not great). The other employees was nice (giving us drinks and taking our dishes), but the waiter is reason enough to never come back. Way to many good restaurants in NYC to come here again.The server was "31 Oscar A", i hope he finds a new career since i never want to have him as a waiter again!
This place was a first stop in New York. The restaurant had a great ambience and the staff were helpful and attentive. The food was amazing and the menu was varied and had options for all, including vegetarian, gluten free etc. The only downsides were that the patio did not have heaters where we were sat towards the end, so we got quite cold. Additionally we did not expect the specials to be twice the cost of other mains on the menu ($60 each), perhaps this is my own fault for not checking but thought it would be closer to $5-10 more if that.Overall good, just be aware of the price of the food, and if that doesn’t bother you, enjoy.
Had a great experience at this well located restaurant, very nice to sit outside. Our waitress, Victoria, was super accommodating—my friend is vegetarian and she let her order pasta with vegetables even though it wasn’t on the menu. Fresh and tasty Italian food. 
One of the best places for Italian food in NYC - carbonara, lobster pasta, and the calamari. There are vegetarian options too and the service from Victoria was impeccable. Highly recommend!
My friend and I had a DELICIOUS dinner! I didn’t see a vegetarian option on the menu that I was in the mood for, so our server Victoria arranged with the chef to get me pasta with a chef selection of vegetables. It was so good and she was so helpful! Beautiful outdoor space. Pricey.
My boyfriend and I went here for our monthaversary date night and we both have certain dietary restrictions. Our server Suzana was amazing and showed so much respect and care for our requirements. I think she played a huge part in making our experience wonderful! At first, we didn't see a lot of vegetarian/egg-free options on the menu but she worked with us patiently to deliver us the best possible options. Lastly, if you pay the restaurant a visit (which you def should) don't leave without trying their chocolate and espresso gelato dessert, it is beyond delicious.
I chose this restaurant for dinner because of the good reviews I’d read. However, it was a bad experience for us. The place was packed, we were asked to wait about 20 mins at the bar. We tried to order some appetizers there but the waiter said that we can order only when we get to the table or stay at the bar the whole time. I asked if we can pay in 2 checks the answer was no. Risotto was good, creamy and well-cooked. Vegetarian pizza was one of the worst I’ve ever had. It was raw. Probably 99 cents pizza slice would taste better. Our waiters apparently had short memory so we had to remind them about spicy oil, mojito and our check a few times. But the worst part of the dinner was “panna cotta”. If you’ve ever tried “panna cotta” in your life you’d know that their “panna cotta” has nothing to do with the original one. I had to return it back and it was not in the check at the end of the dinner.So far, the worst dinner experience in New York.