The food was AMAZING, everything was organic and the food came in 5 minutes. The service was so good, suzan’s was an amazing waitress. She always came to check in on us and mad sure we liked everything
heard great reviews of this place before our visit to NYC. Was a great rustic Italian restaurant in the West Village; great first impression from the outside with the traditional look. Service and food were excellent; I would recommend the organic chicken! Only slight issue I would raise is the cramped tables. We were there on a Saturday night so may be busier night but felt like we were sitting on top each other and little room to move. Despite this would highly recommend!!
My friends and I love going to olio e piu because of the atmosphere and food. Especially in the summertime, all the doors are open so it's wonderfully airy and sunny. The interior is beautifully organic - all wood with tons of plants. Its a great place to people watch and also to enjoy good company. Our waitress was so sweet and gave us a wonderful dining experience. We ordered the pizza which was absolutely delicious - the crust had a nice char so there was a smoky flavor to the pizza. The lobster pasta was chewy and full of umami flavor. And the branzino was juicy and well cooked. I absolutely love coming here with my girlfriends because we feel so relaxed and they treat us so well here. I highly recommend to come here during the day so you can enjoy the great food, service, and ambience!
This restaurant is such an Italian dream come true! I came here for dinner with my boyfriend a few days, and we are still bragging about how phenomenal our experience was.First off, it was the perfect weather, and they had their doors open to sit outside. The ambiance is stunning, very nature/green and positive vibes.We both started off with the Old Cuban cocktail ($17). Expensive but worth it. It has a great kick but goes down smooth. And I love elderflower!Our appetizers - OKAY GUYS GET READY. The Bruschetta Ricotta is the best thing I've ever eaten. Period. The ricotta is so fluffy and creamy and then they drizzle truffle oil on top. We were both saying wow after every bite. I've never had anything like this and I cannot wait to go back. Then, we had a burrata, and it was FANTASTIC.For dinner, I had the margherita pizza with ricotta and my boyfriend has the mezzaluna. Both out of this world. Their pizza is doughy, warm, and soft. I loved it so much. My boyfriend had a clean plate very quickly.The service was wonderful--our server was Alex. She was very knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and helpful. All the food came out quickly and was timed well between courses.Cannot wait to come back!!
Absolutely delectable food and drinks!! Right in the heart of the village, with great spots to loiter nearby before or after your meal. Check out Jefferson Market Garden right across the street. Beautiful dining space and bar with lots of natural light spilling in.
We stumbled upon the restaurant at lunchtime while running errands in the village. Really enjoyed the space. Charming decor and furnishings, lots of natural light coming from a big skylight. Waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Food was delicious. I had the 4 Formaggi pizza; husband had the Diavola. We split the generous Olio Caesar salad and it ranked as one of our favorite Caesar salads in memory. Would definitely recommend and return.
After a couple of years of curiosity we finally tried this exceptionally well located pizzaria+ last Sunday afternoon during a very slow period well after brunch hours.The decor, indoors and out is hardscrabble and the grab bag of furniture is likely from rummage sales or multiple grandmothers' attics. Not sure how clean the upholstered seats are. This is low investment land.After being seated indoors it took a great deaI of time to be noticed by a server. Thereafter, the service remained very slow. Friendly and apologetic when we got their attention from time-to-time, but very slow.My calimari app was absolutely tasteless, including the dipping sauce. My individual margherita pizza's taste lacked character and the too-thick crust edge was burned to inedible. Worse even, my partner's gluten-free four cheese pizza crust looked like burned cardboard, perhaps a freezer product. I felt bad for him. His nature is to not walk out on bad service or return bad food. Mine is.Something that won't return is us.What a waste of a fine location. 
VICTORIA WAS AMAZING. my girlfriends and I have been planning a special birthday dinner for such a long time and Victoria did a wonderful job making us feel special all night. She is knowledgeable about the menu and wine list and helped give recommendations for everything we wanted for our dinner. The food was PHENOMENAL (homemade pasta, pizza, veggies, Italian wine) - what more do you need? 
Visited NYC twice, came here twice. Food and wine are amazing, atmosphere is what you want in a restaurant. Victoria, our host made us feel welcome and her recommendations were exactly what we wanted. They were able to accommodate me when I needed a veggie option of a meat dish. 
Every time I walked around this neighborhood, I noticed their lovely outdoor seating. But, I never actually dined there...until now. I went there for dinner on one weekend, and even thought it was still rather early, the outdoor seating was almost full with beautiful weather. We sat outside, and we were greeted by our server, Victoria with a lovely smile. The table for two was really small, and the seating space was kind of tight. There was someone sitting right behind me, to the point it was not easy to get in or out of my chair. But, that is New York for you... I loved all the greenery in the outdoor seating, it provided nice, relaxing atmosphere. We ordered some cocktails and appetizers. With our choices of appetizers, our server asked if we wanted to have focaccia instead of regular bread so that it goes better with our appetizer. I like focaccia bread, so I said yes. They brought so many of it, and it was very different from what I imagined. It was more like a flatbread instead of regular bread. Thin and crispy, very tasty. Appetizers were great, barely sitting on our small table, but we somehow managed to have everything on our table. The cocktails were strong, no watered-down anything here. Very good, quality drinks that tasted great. For main, we had Pollo Arrosto and Bistecca alla Griglia. They were really nice portion, and looked amazing. And, it tasted as good as they looked. Tender meat, juicy, packed with flavor. The veggies that came with the meats were really nice too. We enjoyed every bite, but since we were already getting full after appetizers, we couldn't finish the main dishes... Yes, we took the rest of them home to enjoy them again later. Our server, Victoria was great, she took a really care of us, always with a beautiful smile on her face. The restaurant was beautiful both inside and outside dining areas. I am glad I finally got to dine here, great food, great service, warm and relaxing atmosphere...we had a really nice dinner. Will definitely go back for more!
I read so many reviews about this place so I had to check it out during our winter trip in NYC. husband and I enjoyed a nice meal during the freezing weather of January 2018. we had as an appetizer parmigiana, I had a spaghetti plate and we had the veggie pizza. we thought the pizza missed something, we eat lots of Italian food and I can say the pizza crust is really good, however, the combination of vegetables was not very famous...booked our table online and we arrived 30 min earlier and still got a seat. the service was nice and quick.
Food was amazing and our server Victoria was accommodating and wonderful! We had salmon, Caesar salad, veggies, bread, and drinks! The food came very quickly and was so amazing. After dinner our waitress offered us free desert and coffee. It was all amazing and she was very nice. I absolutely recommend this place. 
There were four of us. We turned up quite late after a Monday night show and ordered four different pizzas (two veggie and two non-veggie) and were all very happy. Wine was on the expensive side so we didn't bother, but two of us had the German draft beer, which was very tasty.Our waitress was very lovely and helpful. Food arrived quickly. Bread was served with good quality olive oil and Parmesan dip. Would give it five stars if their wine selection included some options under $40/bottle.
Busy place with a large outdoor seating area and a reasonably priced menu, which is precisely why we chose it. We were happily surprised. Service was attentive, food was good but not exceptional -- we had the veggie pannini which was fresh and tasty but just couldn't compare to the wonderful calzone stuffed with prosciutto (I didn't want to share, it was that good). And of course the people watching was great, so all in all, it was a great rest spot for a bite to eat.
Just went to olio e piu for dinner and was served by susanna. The food and service was amazing and they catered for my vegan diet with no issues. They informed me of all the available options and I went for the vegetariana pizza without cheese which I definitely recommend. Will be back again on my next trip to New York.
My friend and I are visiting from Los Angeles, and Victoria served us and it was such a lovely experience. I informed her I was vegan, and she went out of her way to immediately inform me of my options, and even had her manager come over to let me know. The energy is super cute and a fun place to catch up with friends. 💖💕
Good wine good windows good service!! Victoria was sweet!Had some lovely wine and some light beet salad. They were accommodating for my vegan life
Enjoyed lunch with my friends. The waitress Victoria was super nice and lovely with us. We will definitely come again when in town. I'm vegan and they also had vegan options for me! 
Very disappointed given the previous reviews of this place.Despite telling them in advance I was vegan and requested a table outside, we were squeezed into a small table in the corner inside. No matter. When I mentioned to the waiter I was vegan I was met with the one liner "There is not a lot we can offer you".Given the restaurant is Italian I would have thought this a very simple request to accommodate.So all in all, very let down and won't be back.
They have a vegetarian pizza that you can take the cheese out and its amazing! The dough makes you feel like youre in Italy. Service is great. Great restaurant to have a nice dinner date. Outdoor seating available. Had a great time! Great drinks too! 
Love the food, love service! Everything was great and our waitress Susana was really kind. Definitely recommend the pesto pasta as a vegan option!
Suzana our waitress was so wonderful and so helpful with ideas for ordering... the food was absolutely delicious and we have a vegan daughter and they were so kind to accommodate her, we had a wonderful time and we will definitely come again
We were super excited to eat here. As it is supposed to be one of the best Italian places in NYC and good for vegans.The overall feeling was nice and the place was great. We sat down and ordered lunch.I said i was a vegan and the waiter looked like i offended him. My girlfriend wanted mozzarella on her Pasta and he said it was not possible before saying he could give her a bit for 8 dollars. Later we got charged 2 dollars for the mozzarella which was more fitting.Overall the food was good (but not great). The other employees was nice (giving us drinks and taking our dishes), but the waiter is reason enough to never come back. Way to many good restaurants in NYC to come here again.The server was "31 Oscar A", i hope he finds a new career since i never want to have him as a waiter again!
This place was a first stop in New York. The restaurant had a great ambience and the staff were helpful and attentive. The food was amazing and the menu was varied and had options for all, including vegetarian, gluten free etc. The only downsides were that the patio did not have heaters where we were sat towards the end, so we got quite cold. Additionally we did not expect the specials to be twice the cost of other mains on the menu ($60 each), perhaps this is my own fault for not checking but thought it would be closer to $5-10 more if that.Overall good, just be aware of the price of the food, and if that doesn’t bother you, enjoy.
anila shalim was my server and he was so kind and helpful and kept the table laughing with jokes and overall warmth. The food was absolutely spectacular. Great ambiance and we thought the vegetarian pizza was the standout of the night. Great place 
Our waitress was Anela. She was very nice and always courteous. The food was really good - we had the vegetarian pizza.The atmosphere of the restaurant is wonderful. Sometimes its a bit loud, but the rest was totally fine! Its a great place to go!
We had a lovely girls night here in April! Got to catch up over delicious food and a wonderful environment. Our server Maria was attentive and provided great recommendations. The bruschetta, vegetarian pizza, and egg yolk pasta were our favorite!
Omg please come to this place. We had the ravioli and vegetarian pizza and both were amazing/ we cleared our plates completely. The service is amazing as well. It was crowded but they gave us our food in a timely manner and Victoria on their staff was such a sweetheart!
We stopped for lunch at Olio e Piu in the West Village. We did not have reservations and they were very accommodating on a Sunday afternoon. There is indoor and outdoor dining, it has a great vibe and atmosphere.To access the menu, you need to scan the barcode with your cell phone.We shared a bottle of nero d'avola, a Sicilian wine. It is one of my husband’s favorite wines.My husband had homemade pasta carbonara, it was very fresh and tasty. The rest of the party ordered various brick oven pizzas (margherita, vegetarian and campagnola.) The pizzas were very tasty but the bottoms could have cooked a bit more.
Pleasantly surprised by the food. The vegetarian pasta was great! Victoria was an amazing server who helped us with all our wine needs!
I came here with a friend for dinner and we ordered the ricotta bruschetta and the eggplant dish. That’s probably the only thing we needed to order 😋 but we continued with a few pasta dishes (the carbonara which they are known for, the bolognese, and a vegetarian mushroom ravioli dish). The food was very flavorful and our waitress (Victoria) was very helpful in selecting the dishes and recommending options!! I would definitely come here again and recommend this place for any foodie who loves authentic Italian!
Had a great experience at this well located restaurant, very nice to sit outside. Our waitress, Victoria, was super accommodating—my friend is vegetarian and she let her order pasta with vegetables even though it wasn’t on the menu. Fresh and tasty Italian food. 
The atmosphere is really nice and the food is good, too. We ordered the vegetarian pizza and the Emiliana salad. Both were really good, I especially liked the pizza - the caramelized onions were a nice touch. Victoria was so sweet! She will take good care of you :)
Beautiful atmosphere here, friendly staff that were so attentive and kind. Ordered the vegetarian pizza and it was made to perfection. Dessert made the whole family happy. Suzanna was our lovely waitress and made our dinner a really enjoyable time. Looking forward to coming back soon
One of the best places for Italian food in NYC - carbonara, lobster pasta, and the calamari. There are vegetarian options too and the service from Victoria was impeccable. Highly recommend!
We had the best ravioli al fungi and vegetariana pizza. Only time had something close was fresh from the farm food in wine country. Thank you Suzana for the recommendation on the selection and wonderful service. 
My friend and I had a DELICIOUS dinner! I didn’t see a vegetarian option on the menu that I was in the mood for, so our server Victoria arranged with the chef to get me pasta with a chef selection of vegetables. It was so good and she was so helpful! Beautiful outdoor space. Pricey.
Pasta and Pizza were delicious. Get the Cacaio e Pepe or Vegetarian pizza. Victoria was my waitress and she was fabulous!
My boyfriend and I went here for our monthaversary date night and we both have certain dietary restrictions. Our server Suzana was amazing and showed so much respect and care for our requirements. I think she played a huge part in making our experience wonderful! At first, we didn't see a lot of vegetarian/egg-free options on the menu but she worked with us patiently to deliver us the best possible options. Lastly, if you pay the restaurant a visit (which you def should) don't leave without trying their chocolate and espresso gelato dessert, it is beyond delicious.
I chose this restaurant for dinner because of the good reviews I’d read. However, it was a bad experience for us. The place was packed, we were asked to wait about 20 mins at the bar. We tried to order some appetizers there but the waiter said that we can order only when we get to the table or stay at the bar the whole time. I asked if we can pay in 2 checks the answer was no. Risotto was good, creamy and well-cooked. Vegetarian pizza was one of the worst I’ve ever had. It was raw. Probably 99 cents pizza slice would taste better. Our waiters apparently had short memory so we had to remind them about spicy oil, mojito and our check a few times. But the worst part of the dinner was “panna cotta”. If you’ve ever tried “panna cotta” in your life you’d know that their “panna cotta” has nothing to do with the original one. I had to return it back and it was not in the check at the end of the dinner.So far, the worst dinner experience in New York. 
We love this place!!! The food is absolutely fantastic!! I’m a vegetarian and my husband is an omnivore and we both loved it!! The service was fantastic too!!! Our server, Magda, was so great and made our visit even better and so special!!! Bravo!!!
We had a family party here. Olio e Più has a great atmosphere and there is music, but you can have conversations easily. There is a wide variety of Italian food here and it is easy to find kid friendly, vegetarian, fish or meat options. We had main course and desserts and the main courses are simple, authentic and prepared perfectly. There are complex tastes and the ingredients can be felt and tasted. The desserts were good, but not as good as the main courses. The service was attentive and well timed. Our server could recommend good wine pairings for the seafood that we had. Good experience overall.
Good location/ friendly staff. Excellent food. Being a vegetarian yet had plenty of choice. Nice atmosphere. Must visit.
We went here for a lunch with my sister while visiting NYC for a week. I ordered a vegetarian panini which was out of this world! Very tasty! The side salad was perfect and had the tastiest dressing ever. I really liked the location and the restaurant was very cozy looking.. The service was very good, servers very friendly and the restaurant is not too expensive either. 5 out of 5!
The Husband and I veered away from our usual Fig and Olive / Bryant Park Grill haunts for brunch today and decided to head down to Greenwich Ave.To be honest, Olio was kind of a random choice. This because we had no idea where we were going to eat, it was 2pm, it was freezing cold, and I was beginning to get a gigantic headache.We decided to stop, not because the menu was so amazing, but because the longer we delayed lunch, the more likely a divorce was on the horizon. My thoughts:Ambiance: Loved it. Very welcoming. Service: Great. Not sure why other people had issues but our server was friendly and efficient.Food: I wish there were more salad choices...I ended up going with a salad with vegetables (sorry, too lazy to look up the exact name). And it was tasty but small and needed more vegetables in the lettuce / vegetable ratio. My husband had a vegetarian omelette with potatoes and salad. His food was amazing. (He shared, as he should have.)Overall this place is good. Not sure I'll return though because I am not big on pizza and pasta, I don't eat meat or chicken, and I don't like to order egg dishes at restaurants since that's all I'm really capable of cooking. Yes, I have a number of issues.But normal eaters? Normal eaters will love this place! 4 stars for sure.
The food lived up to the hype. Our group loved the simple & fresh salads, the ragu & carbonara, semi-freddo, gelato & tiramisu. It was SUPER busy on a Saturday night when we went, so definitely make a reservation. The food was marvelous. I am gluten-free and the GF pasta was fabulous and so fresh. The wait staff was really nice and even brought me a birthday gelato with a candle. We waited forever for drinks and had to give several reminders but I think that was just due to the restaurant being so busy. I would 100% return to Olio E Piu when in NYC and would recommend it to anyone visiting!
Been several times now. Best carbonara in NYC! They can even sub for gluten free pasta, for those who observe. Our server Marija gave us great drink recs. We’ll be back!
Lovely restaurant with over the top nice servers! We were seated quickly and the wait staff was so accomodating to our Gluten Free requests. We started with the cheese plate (yum) and had 2 of the pasta dishes, both excellent. They portions are a nice size so we ended up with leftovers. Dessert was amazing. I mean you can get gelato in a lot of places in NYC, but the gelator at Olio was devine! Chocolate, vanilla and raspberry hit the spot. The other wonderful thing about this eatery is the location. So much to do and see in this little corner of the city. Go. Enjoy. See you there. 
Maria is THE BEST, and so is the gluten free pasta. I had to double check that it was correct because it was THAT good, and Maria even assured me that the table next to me asked the same thing!!! 10/10, could never go wrong here 
What a fabulous experience. We had no reservation but sat at the bar overlooking brick oven pizza making and the kitchen= pure artistry! Maria was our waitress. She was extremely attentive and personable despite the how busy she was. We watched chef Pedro Cruz smile and engage with staff while putting out tremendous dishes. The carbonara (gluten free for me) was to DIE for! My husband raved about his Fusilli E Manzo! We can’t wait to go back! See you then Maria!
Olio e Piu was such a fabulous surprise. Not that I wasn't expecting it to be great, but my expectations were extremely surpassed. The cocktails (apricot martini drink was delightful) were so good and the food was so so good. I started with the artichoke salad- the cheese in it was so good. I got the gluten free short rib pasta for my entree and it was AMAZING. As someone who has celiac, the gluten free pasta tasted amazing and they genuinely cared about my allergy and double checked everything. I would definitely go back.
Came here for a dinner with friends, Victoria was lovely and reassured me of my gluten free/coeliac/nut free needs ! Would recommend :)
Our server (Milena) made us feel right at home. Very warm, friendly service. Nice recommendations. Very good gluten free options (pizza & pasta) for my wife and daughter. I had gluten full options and really enjoyed them. 
Great atmosphere and food. Nice it had gluten free options too! Nicely decorated for the holidays. Entire family loved it. Will definitely return on next visit.
I am allergic to gluten, which is always such a struggle because I love Italian food. Suzanna was the most amazing server, and she was so accommodating of my allergies and helped us have such an amazing night! Cannot wait to come back! Order the Carbonara, you won’t regret it!
The food was delicious, the wines were fairly priced and there were excellent gluten free options including pizza and pasta. Wood burning oven too! The gelatos were so good and the tiramisu was the best I ever had. The service was excellent as well. We would definitely go again.
Love this restaurant and the server Victoria was wonderful and so helpful!! My gluten free dinner and the salad was delicious! The atmosphere is wonderful and we plan to return on our next trip in October! Thank you!
Delicious with gf pasta and pizza options! Would definitely come back again and highly recommend to all
Hello. Myself and family found this gorgeous spot when it was chucking it down with rain. Seeking a little respite from the heavens, Suzanna, our brilliant hostess, welcomed us in.The food. This was delightful. My beautiful girlfriend and I enjoyed gluten free carbonara (I asked for truffle oil on the top end which proved to be a good addition), my lady mate had the Bolognese. I didn’t even get a bite, which proves how popular it is. All in all, it was a great experience. The ambience was lovely, where the music was just loud enough to be heard, but I could enjoy good conversation. Will be back! 
The BEST carbonara. They accommodated my friend with gluten free bread (but we all ate it - it was that good). Suzanna was the BEST server, and we can’t wait to come back. Everyone is always so friendly and welcoming, and the food is TOP.
Amazing pasta and great waitress Victoria! Definitely will be back. Loved the ambience and they offer gluten free options
They have gluten free pasta and pizza!! So awesome. It tasted so good! Couldn’t even tell it was gluten free! Felt like I was in Italy. Victoria was a great server.
After searching on Trip Advisor before our trip to New York, we found this restaurant and looked forward to lunch. Although the website and search under tripadvisor states they have gluten free pizza - as does the menu - once we placed our order we were told there was no gluten free pizza available. We cancelled our daughters order - regular pizza and left. We were offered the gluten-free pasta, but not what we wanted. Charge $11 for three cokes and no lunch.
Me and my coworker came to Olio E Piu and had a wonderful post work dinner! The e manzo was sooo soo yummy and even gluten free! Our waitress Victoria was so kind. I would highly recommend this delicious Italian cuisine. Thank you Victoria!
Such a great dinner. I was in disbelief as I asked if anything on the menu was gluten free and Victoria replied, “everything can be”! HEAVEN. Victoria has the best wine and dinner recommendations...stop by this adorable Italian restaurant in a cute part of town!
Gluten free options were divine. The cocktails are very strong (not complaining). Complimentary mini antipasto was nice. Waiters were very attentive, constantly asking if everything is okay/if we needed everything. 
First impressions looked good, nice decor and very busy, after that not much else to write positively about. Service was rude, rushed and lacked professionalism. We felt quite packed in but this can be forgiven to an extent given it was thanksgiving. What can’t be forgiven is the mediocrity of the pizzas. Bland bland and a bit more bland with the the addition of stingy toppings. ‘Prosciutto Ham’ was cheap thick cut slimy ham. We were drawn by the fact that they had relatively low priced gluten free pizza (my girlfriend is coeliac). I had a normal base while she had the gluten free one, both were as poor as each other. We both left half our plates full, which we never do (we didn’t even want it doggy bagged). Don’t bother, so many nicer places to eat and so many great pizzerias.
Unlike the perfunctory treatment by the “hat” girl at the front desk, Susanna was a delightful server. And the beet salad with pistachios and blackberries was inspired. So sad that the bolognese with boar was unremarkable. And forget gluten-free pizza if you have celiac disease: a leaden disaster for my guest. Although, pistachio and chocolate gelato were exceptional. Restaurant has a nice vibe, but chairs and tables are so crammed, it is a struggle to use the restroom or leave. Very good service but would not return for a second meal. 
I brought my whole family from out of town for a graduation celebration. The restaurant accommodated the large party and put us all at one table. It was a wonderful dinner (great gluten free options!) with a great wine selection. Victoria was so kind and patient with our group and gave us great recommendations. Will definitely come back!
The gluten free pizza was excellent and the service was great! Our server Victoria was very sweet and very helpful with the menu. Will definitely come again!
Great food! We had a gluten free pizza and Nutella pizza. My favorite! I come here all the time. Vitora was great!
Very beautiful and nice atmosphere. Food was pricey but delicious. Gluten-free options available and great cocktails.
One of my favorite spots to eat in the village.. they offer gluten free pizza and pasta which are both delicious!!! The ambiance is great both indoors and out. Our server Aleksandra was so friendly and gave us great recommendations for wine and food. The white pizza with speck was to die for. Wait is generally long, but they're quick with the table turnaround.I only wish they spelled our fantastic server's name correctly on the bill (not AleksaMdra). Will 10/10 return.
Busy Italian restaurant clearly very popular especially with students. Had a meat and cheese board to share for starters which had a couple of cheeses I had previously not tried, very nice too. We both had a pizza for main course, my partner a tomato based gluten free one and I had a cheese based mozzarella & prosciutto one. Boxes were required afterwards due to the size of the pizza which was cooked in what I believe was a brick oven. I had an Erdinger Weiss beer which was on draft and again a nice taste to it. Service was excellent, as was price. Be prepared to be close to others and to hear the subway passing underneath, but these are barely worth mentioning.
I had read some wonderful reviews on line and was full of wonderful expectations. The restaurant is well appointed and comfortable. Service was good. The problem was with the food. We ordered two gluten free pizzas. Both were burnt on the bottom as in black in color and unpleasant tasting. The staff apologized and out came a new set of pizzas, this time underdone. We were tired of complaining, which is a drag. So, we ate half of the undercooked pizzas and left. Neither of us will probably return
I strongly disagree with the rating of this place. Apart from the location and style, the rest like food and service which are not minor points for a restaurant are largely below standards. Furthermore it's significantly overpriced for the quality and quantity. We had pizzas something difficult to screw but they did. The gluten free pizza was also taste free. Good selection of wines but also grossly overpriced. Service was just about ok. 
I went to this restaurant on a Friday night and sat outside. Lots of outdoor and indoor seating and a cozy spot for a date night. Victoria was our waitress who was very knowledgeable, kind and accommodating. They have gluten free options and the food and service was incredible. Would definitely come back!
I have always walked by the restaurant intrigued and wanting to go. I finally tried it last night with my best friend for my birthday, and I couldn't have been happier! Our waitress, Victoria, was so lovely, attentive and accommodating. The food was delicious and prices were very reasonable. I mistakenly ordered a regular pizza when I actually meant to order a gluten free crust due to allergies, and the manager was extremely helpful and understanding. The ambiance couldn't have been better. Can't wait to go back again and again!
One of the best gluten free pizzas I've had in the city!! And great wine, fast service!! Chill, but romantic vibe, would definitely go back!
This little gem is located in Greenwich Village and very rustic Italian. The special that day was a soup or salad with a personal sized Margherita pizza. We both ordered the special. I had gluten free with a salad, and he chose the soup. The soup was absolutely amazing. I am so glad they had the g-free option so that I could enjoy NY pizza. They even make their own mozzarella. We really enjoyed it! 
My wife and I landed in Oliu e Piu by chance while we were in NYC for a couple of days. We were just looking for a glass of wine and a quick bite at lunchtime. Anyway, by chance we found that they serve gluten free pizza and pasta. As my wife has a wheat free diet it seemed like too good of an opportunity to miss (as she can vaey rarely get Pizza).The Pizza was good but not stellar (gluten free was nice but not as good as my regular one. We had an excellent and reasonably priced Italian red to go with it.Not the greatest ffod in the world but if you are gluten or wheat free and fancy pizza or pasta then you could do a lot worse.
I’ve been to this establishment many times and always loved the food. I decided to take my guy plus I was craving Italian food. He loved it! The decor, the service, and the food were phenomenal! Our lovely waitress Victoria was extremely friendly and understanding of my dairy intolerance. She was very helpful in accommodating my food needs to the dishes they had. We had the focaccia and belga salad which were very light and refreshing dishes. I had the pasta with bolognese which was DELICIOUS! The best part is you get to choose what kind of noodle you’d like! All in all he had a great time and immediately said to me he will be coming back soon! If you’re ever in the village and craving great Italian food; this is the place to be!
Booked here prior to our trip as it was No. 1 on tripadvisor and having now been I have no idea what the fuss was about. The meal was fine but nothing to write home about and definitely nothing special compared to any other restaurant. Service was average. Very average meal. I then went to the toilet before leaving which were not clean, urine over toilet seat and paper over the floor.
The food: Awful. The home made noodles are great but when served lukewarm with congealed sauce nothing can save them. The pizza....you and your pocketbook would be much better served getting a slice from literally ANYWHERE else in the city.Atmosphere: The place has put tables and chairs in every available inch. You are practically sitting on top of the table next to you. It's nice to have lights and decor but not if you don't clean them....dust everywhere and weeks old dirt on the floors.Service: Fine if you were in a race. We were rushed through ordering and paying, not a moment to spare to digest the awful food. Clearly this is a only making money off tourist rather than providing a good evening
The experience was amazing, I went by myself for brunch and the server ( Victoria ) and all the stuff were so nice to me. Her service is professional, clean and very clear. The Prosecco that I took was perfect for being outside sitting 💖
Food was delicious!! The restaurant decoration is Italian elegant casual, clean, great environment, loved it !! And the service was superb thanks to our waiter Gabriel that gave us an excellent hospitality, not easily find in NYC… overall an amazing experience!!
Wandered around after a show and saw this attractive restaurant beckoning from across the street. Warm light, clean and attractive said - "Come in sit down , have a bite or 2."It was crowded and we had no reservation, but we were able to get seated at the chef's bar without wait. Got pasta and salad, and got to watch the efficiency of the cooks as they plated meal after meal. Food quality was great, simple pasta with meat sauce was delicious and the beet salad was colorful and tasty.My only issue was the tightness of the space we had, actual table space was so small, and once seated it was difficult to get out. Also, although it is fascinating to watch the cooks, it gets very warm so close to the stove, and that can be uncomfortable.When we return I will try to do so with reservation and sit nearer to the windows.
The location didn't look like much from the outside. Your ordinary pub & restuarant down the street! It was a choice of outside or inside seating, expecting it will be little cooler with the a/c inside. The a/c wasn't cooling the area since all doors & windows where open to the outside seatings considering it was hot & humid, plus the place was packed with people. The waiters were very nice and prompt. I ordered seabas & mushroom risotto. The seabas was above average, the mushroom risotto was great but there were more mushrooms than the rice itself. The tables & seatings were tights meaning busy place and require more people to clean the tables than taking orders which wasn't the case. Had they spent few extra$$ to upggrade and facelift the venue since the food was a bit overpriced would have made a better difference. I personally do recommend this restaurant but when less busy.
My husband and I went for brunch and made a reservation the day before. The restaurant looks lively and brilliant with all its flowers and ivy on the outside. The inside is sparkling clean and there’s enough elbow room between you and the next table. The dinner menu enticed is but we could only do brunch and didn’t want to pass up eating at such a gorgeous restaurant. Host- awesome. Our server was clearly hungover- which would have been fine if he had circled back and offered to refill my husbands coffee but he didn’t. Instead we were mainly served by a female server who noticed our continuously empty glasses. Husband had a panini and I had the poached eggs with salmon. Both plates were very good but the highlight was the opener of artichoke and olives with their crisp bread. So indulging- I could have eaten 26 of those artichokes. Bloody Mary’s are made in house and had too much horseradish in it so go with the mimosa. 
1- I been in several restaurant and I can say i have the best service ever, for thous ho like a good food and hant to feel home olio e pui is a place that u need to stop.2- if u want the best server and NY city u will find this beautiful person name Alexandra she is top 10. We loved she care about people and she gives reference about few place that we had to go in NY3 - the place is clean the restroom was smelling good something that is hard to find in Manhattan. I will be back one day. Thank you for the good service guys 
I had not been to Olio e piu in a few years. I was in the area and it was dinnertime and I walked in. It is a large space, very European. I was seated and tap water arrived. i was given a menu and after some deliberation, i decided to order the abbondante personal pizza. It is a pizza composed of mozzarella, smoked mozzarella, roasted red peppers and italian sausage. The wait was not long and the pizza was delicious. The waitperson was attentive and accommodating and the restroom was clean and well maintained. Another good meal at Olio e Piu!
I really love this restaurant. Beautiful design, super clean environment, delicious food and a charming waiter Nedra with a great service! Would definitely visit again! Love it!
A nice Italian place in the Village, It is your typical sized NYC restaurant, with very nice service and a good menu. Pastas, pizzas and the like. Priced for the area. The place was clean and had a nice atmosphere
We ordered one of their amazing salads and their pasta carbonara...both were to die for. The ingredients were perfect: at the height of ripeness, clean, perfectly proportioned, etc. The place is so fun - if you have to wait (I'd recommend reservations!), they give you a bit of Italian bubbly. The servers are well supported by very nice and attentive bus people...it all was smooth, and so fun - the energy is great and the place is purely charming - so overall, it met my needs (environment) and my boyfriend's (food snob).
Olio is wonderful. Excellent location with a beautiful, clean and flowered up patio where you can sit for hours on a sunny day and people watch. We enjoyed a long lunch and hard time leaving :) From the menu we ordered the Caprese panini - mouth watering, delicious, could have eaten three more!! And pizza Boscaiola - also delicious, to die for! Very impressed with our waitress, the entire staff seemed to be doing everything to please customers and provide a unique ambiance. Definitely returning when in NYC!
Stopped for a late lunch today. First time visitors, so we decided to order a few things and share. The tagliatelle was very nice. Certainly could have been made this morning. Bolognese rage was exceptional! We had a great garlic (white) pizza that really showed off the wood/brick ovens. But, the star of the day was the Pollo al Pesto. Served on a bed of roasted potatoes with a killer pesto sauce. The plates were all wiped clean!
I don't know why I've missed this place...but sure am glad I found it. Perfect if you're looking for an easy dining experience. I thought the menu had enough choices and my pasta was great. I recommend the deviled eggs. The restaurant is clean and has a nice authentic feel to it. Our waiter was great...very friendly and took good care of my wife and I. This is side walk cafe dining at its best. Good atmosphere, good food and drink, and friendly service...you'll get me back every time. 
We loved our pasta dishes, good wine too. Would recommend the carbonara, best I’ve tasted! So saucy! We shared the cannoli for dessert which was nice but wish I’d tried something else as it was a bit dry. Would recommend, lots of local people dining here which is always a good sign!
I’ve been to Olio E Piu numerous times while living in NYC and it’s still one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The carbonara is top 5 in the city and the ambiance is romantic. You can expect to feel like a member of the family when you come with the old Italian gen-inspired wall art and the fresh foliage all year long. We had Maria as our waitress who was fantastic. Highly recommend for both visitors and locals. Such a gem in the city.
Local and have wanted to visit for a while, delicious fresh food, excellent wine list, fantastic service from Adam - will return!
I was craving an expresso martini 🍸 but not your typical vodka base ., i wanted jameson and after 3 fail attempts from local restaurants i found my new spot to bring friends and family! Adam the bartender was extremely helpful and made me what i asked for! The drink was delicious and satisfying., Will come again., Adam is the best
This place came up as #2 in NYC so decided to give it a go as was local to the area on our last day....was pleasantly surprised to find this little gem in a quite areaThe restaurant and decor is very welcoming and helps create an authenic ambience!The luncthime menu had a good selection and both the Bolognaise Tagiatelle and Carbonarra were exceptionalMy only small critisiscm was over starff turnaround - in the hour we were there we had 3 waiters and 2 servers and the last server took away 2 of the empty plates whilst I was still eating (we were a party of 3) - which made me feel a little ill at ease, but something that can be easiyt rectified with some internal coaching - otherwise a faultless lunch :)
Arrived at this restaurant to find it bustling and busy with a great local crowd on a Monday night! Atmosphere was fab, decor really welcoming and staff couldn’t do enough to help us. Then came the food and it was really really good. Great pasta with truffles and a pasta seafood with squid ink and chilli to die for! Thoroughly recommend.
Victoria was an amazing server! We are local New Yorkers— the food and service was great... Unpretentious yet elevated - a West Village treasure. Our main server was also really good - but Victoria was a standout—- personable, knowledgeable, welcoming and professional. We highly recommend this place - ask for Victoria!
I'm staying in the neighborhood for a few days and wanted to find something local to enjoy for dinner on my last night. I'd walked by here a few times and thought I'd try it.The restaurant is beautifuly decorated. At Victoria's reccomendation, I had the Carbonara and it was so flavorful on its own and the egg made it luscious and rich. I'd definitely come back.
Just finished up dinner with a friend. I’m a NY local and I keep coming back to this place. The atmosphere is friendly and hip, feels very comfortable and we never wait long for an outside table. Victoria, our waitress, is friendly and attentive. She knows when to check in and knows when to give time for chatting. 
our waitress was super cool and super personable definitely recommend this place to any locals or any tourists!!
It’s a while since my last Tripadviser review, almost a year ago, and I wouldn’t usually break my hiatus for a middling write up but this place got my goat. What follows comes with the exchange rate caveat. Olio e Piu is a very expensive place for what it is - a standard Italian restaurant - but as I’m visiting from a country undergoing a period of voluntary national humiliation that has murdered our currency it feels that much more eye watering than it might to locals or our luckier European neighbours. But this is a hugely popular restaurant in a prime location that served poor food.The atmosphere inside is lovely, warm and buzzing. I didn’t find the table layout particularly cramped. The waiters were efficient and accurate. Food arrived quickly. The check was on the table while we still ate. I know they like to turn tables and that’s supposed to be annoying but I find that infinitely better than struggling to catch the attention of staff who’ve forgotten you after main course. None of the “hi my name’s Sandy I’ll be your server tonight” that usually embarrasses visiting Brits either. The food was sub-standard for a place where dishes are in the $20s and 30s and house wine starts at an Oslo-level $52 a bottle. The children had Pizza, swampy-wet in the centre with the tomato slick being ponded-in by a doughy rim of thick bread. Not like anything I’ve ever eaten in Italy. A few had Pasta, which seemed pleasant enough but one with very chewy octopus. My pork loin was dry and badly over-cooked and smeared with what seemed to be grain mustard straight from the jar. Finally my sister’s ravioli which was hot in one place, cold in others. Microwaved? We’ll give them the benefit of the doubt on that one, but the length of the menu does make one wonder.Good neighbourhood restaurants should make food that’s as good or better than what you manage at home, in a relaxing and warm setting. This place manages the relaxing setting but the food isn’t home cooking standard.
Wow! Our server was excellent. She picked every dish and we loved it. Make a reservation, this place is busy. Local Gem. Fit for foodies.
I was drawn to this resturant by how beautiful it looked online and wanted Italian food. I was blow away once I arrived. The food was amazing, wine selection phenomenal and the staff very friendly. Our server, Vitoria, was so pleasant and accommodating! Whether your visiting, or a local, would 10/10 recommend!
Absolutely love this gem of a restaurant. Consistent and delicious when we want to go out with our family and stay local. We especially love Victoria – she always takes such great care of us!
I am not sure what I was expecting, but it wasn't this. They try to squeeze as many people as humanly possible into this restaurant, to the point that each time someone wanted to get out of their seat, we all had to move the tables out of the way, and none of us was big. I realize that space is at a premium, but this was excessive and uncomfortable.  The large crowd created lots of noise, so I gave up trying to shout to my husband over our table and just listened to the exploits of the college kids beside us (VERY close beside us. Hope everything works out with your respective relationships...). I really enjoyed my food--the mushroom ravioli and the chocolate cake--but my husband's (the bolognese and the tiramisu) were average and not worth the slightly-high price. This just wasn't a relaxing experience for either of us. If you were like us and have just a few nights in NYC, then there are a ton of other choices that would provide a standout experience. If you're a local, however, then this might be worth a shot. Maybe you'll order something really good and get lucky.
This is by far one of the best local NYC restaurants that I have been to. Coming in from California I always make sure to make a pit stop for their delicious brick oven pizza and molten chocolate cake!! The service is phenomenal and the ambiance is very cozy. Definitely a must place to visit!! 
I've been here twice -- each on Saturday nights -- and both times, they found an outdoor table for me on nice evenings. The Spaghetti Carbonara is insanely good (one note: they serve it with a raw egg as the centerpiece. Not appealing to me, but you can ask them to leave it off or just work around it). The wines are not cheap, but are perfectly fine. The service on both occasions has been excellent. It may feel a little bit like a tourist trap, but if it is, as a local... I'm happy to be trapped.
Locals strolling down the street suggested the group of us try Olio. Make a reservation ahead of time or grab a glass of house wine and enjoy the scene. There's always a wait. The Italian food was awesome. Great experience all around. I would highly recommend it.
It was 4pm and we really wanted a hot meal, we entered the place and saw that beautiful Italian atmosphere,so romantic and welcoming..The food was tasty , especially the tomato soup which was delicious..We had as main course linguini pasta with mussels and wine sauce and a pizza tomato mozzarella and anchovies.. The service was good..We met a local couple we discussed lots of cultural and funny things..It was a nice experience I recommend this place...
We walked over after asking a local to recommend a good Italian restaurant. Our food was superb and our waiter was excellent! He even walked us outside to point out how to get back to the subway.
We are staying in the Village. There are so many restaurants from which to choose. After a film one night, we chose to eat at this cafe. Our dinner of chicken & pesto (they assign a different title) was delicious. We sat next to a local and struck a conversation. Desert was molten chocolate cake and gelato; another yum. It was a delightful end to a beautiful day. We recommend you try this cafe.
I ate here tonight after passing this place by many times while in NYC. However, I was desperately hungry, and needed a place to eat between jazz sets at a local venue, so decided to try it. I sat at the bar in front of the chefs, so I got an eyeful of the pasta and grill cooking. More about that later.I ordered Pizza because I saw what was coming out of the ovens to others. This pizza is not for everyone, ie those who think that Italian pizza typically has a thin and hard crust. It is for those who really appreciate the art of Italian pizza, with its elastic crust that is delicate and firm at the same time. The crust is puffy, which is the way Italian pizza is supposed to be and was until Americans went to Italy and demanded pizza the way they knew it at home. There is a wood oven and while the dough is not thrown in the air to stretch it, it does have the same elasticity, so they must knead it for a long time.The wine list has lots of Italian winners in it that you do not see all the time. If you like white wine, try the falenghina, (by the glass) and you will not be disappointed. This is an Italian wine from Campania (ie near Naples) and goers well with "white" pizza. About the rest of the menu: the ocopus (whic is on the menu as (polipetti) which is incorrect polpetti = meatballs; pulpo is octopus in ITalian, and so little pieces might be called puletti (although I have never seen this), but I digress....was placed on the grill and then chopped into pieces. The way it was done, I suspect would make it tough. There were several pasta dishes that looked pretty good the way they were cooked, but I suspect that the pasta was not al dente, as it was not watched carefully. Similarly, I think that when they are busy, other dishes might suffer as well. That being said, the head chef was vigilant about throwing out what he thought was not properly cooked, and did watch over everything that went out of the kitchen. On balance, non Italians would find this place a nicely priced pleasant resto in the village, conveniently placed to jazz clubs etc.
I stopped here with my 2 teenagers while visiting Greenwich Village. It's got a lovely outdoor seating area - where we sat to enjoy the atmosphere. Excellent menu - from home made pizzas to great grilled food, pasta, etc. Also, nice wine list -- there are some excellent Italian wines from the Venezia, Friuli region that are hard to find on most menus and reasonable priced either by the glass or bottle. One son had the grilled chicken with arugula and potatos, which he devoured (amazing since he doesn't like potatoes or arugula), one had the margherita pizza and I had the 4 cheese pizza with the pear & arugula salad. All were terrific. The desserts were awesome -- lemon panna cotta, watermelon sorbet, and the chocolate cake. The service was good -- not superb -- but no complaints. I really enjoyed the people watching (Greenwich Village is great for this) and listening to all the great conversations (locals discussing film and theater projects, an art critic, tourists discussing what they had done that day ... ) -- so all in all, really a superb NY experience.
Stopped in for some wine at the bar and stayed for hours! Great bartender and great environment. Perfect for wine and pizza in a classy atmosphere. Nice location in the village. Very friendly staff and a nice local NY experience.
Eating at this restaurant was a delightful experience, made even better by our attentive, hilarious server, Marria! The pappardelle and caesar salad were to die for and the burrata was super fresh! Highly recommend coming to this cozy, elegant spot in the West Village.
Obsessed with this place! The vibe is so fresh and fun. Staff is super friendly. My friend and I said we wish we had this at home so we could go all the time.
This is such a fun west village stop—fresh ingredients, original cocktails, perfect location, great service. Def will come again!
The food was fresh, with complex flavor. Halibut, Caesar, fresh pasta and salmon crudo. One dish was better than the next. Our server Marija was attentive and engaging, without being obtrusive. She made the meal even better with her suggestions. We will return to this delightful haunt in the west village.
Amazing time, and vibe was incredible. Food was very fresh, especially given the price point. Thank you so much Anela!
Came here on a casual Wednesday night, just for a quick drink with a friend. Got a seat in the bar and the vibe in here is amazing!! Buzzing and vibrant, nice music and perfect lighting! Our waiter Adam was so attentive and sweet. He suggested to add some freshly squeezed lemon in our Aperol spritz and omg it was a game changer! Definitely coming back for dinner next time - all the food coming out looks so delicious !! 
Second time visiting Olio E Piu and both times our server was Marija. She made our experience memorable and thanks to her we are becoming regulars here. Food is fresh and delicious and cocktails are top notch! Out of so many restaurants in NYC, this one is by far my favorite!Thanks Marija for providing excellent service!
This spot is very inviting! It’s a perfect place to pop in for dinner after a day in the park. Maria was our server, she was super informative about new specials and very attentive throughout our entire dinner. The pasta is fresh and the wine is crisp! 10/10⭐️
Olio E Piu is exactly what the neighborhood was missing. The food was excellent, fresh and delicious. We had Maria as our server and not only was she such a delight, she was so helpful with menu suggestions / wine pairings. In addition, the host and rest of the wait staff were hospitable, lovely and fantastic. 10/10 would recommend. Run don’t walk.
Admittedly, my expectations were high for “Olio e Piu”. I remember this neighborhood from the late 1980s and had a few friends who lived around here in the 1990s. Speakeasies, microbrewery beer, Tower Records on Broadway & the other in Noho. My how it has changed. Ordered Pelligrino and an inexpensive Chianti to start. It was typical weekend night busy. Horns honking; people watching and walking; and, a New York pace to it all. The Insalata Di Cicordia was fresh and tasty. The balsamic vinaigrette was excellent. Prosciutto Di Parma just right. Then the Fusilli E Manzo arrived. Mind blown. Exceptional brisket in a portion that was deeply satisfying. Deserving of a top ranking in NYC. I be back again.
Came here with my boyfriend for one of our first dates and 3 years later it's just as good as the first time. The food is delicious and the service was great. Staff is super friendly and knowledgeable on the menu - they even surprised us with a birthday message on our dessert :) Can't wait to come back highly recommend for fresh yummy food and a great atmosphere!!
When you enter this trattoria, you feel like you are transported to the Mediterranean in the ❤️ of Greenwich Village. Classic Italian dishes with a focus on house-made pastas, hand-stretched pizzas and more. I had their flavorful "Polipo Alla Grilla" which consisted of tasty grilled octopus, pureed cannellini beans, crushed potatoes and olives/capers. Save room for dessert. Their dark chocolate panna cotta with fresh berries was heavenly. Service was friendly and efficient.
The food was really good. Waited a good 20 minutes over the weekend. Their cocktails were sweet to me, their pastas and pizzas were amazing. Food comes out slowly because it is very fresh. Overall, I enjoyed the food and would recommend.
Let’s just say we were having a bad day and I came on trip advisor app to find a place which is warm, has good food and alcohol ( hey it’s Saturday !) and I have to say this place was THE BEST thing that happened to us during this weekend trip to NYC ❤️ let me start with the wine … Chianti was perfect pairing with the food, it was suggested by one of the warmest server I have met ( and I have travelled enough to say this … lol) Maria was kind and warm and detail oriented, thank you Maria for turning our day around ! Ok so back to the food the arugula salad was fresh and spot on and the pasta made me feel like I was at an Italian home …. Yet to have the desert … lol
Soooooooo good!!!! Excellent diner!!! Davidson and Ashrafe went out of their way to make our evening memorable!!! Our daughter ‘s bday was awesome thanks to them!!!! The food was delicious!! The pasta was excellent and fresh!!! I will defenetly be back!!!!! Thank yoy!!!!!
What can I say that hasn’t already been said, this place is incredible! The service is fabulous, the food is fresh, delicious and perfectly portioned. I can’t wait to come back on my next trip!
This charming Italian restaurant in the heart of Greenwich village will take your breath away. I have been wanting to try it for years, finally did and it absolutely did not disappoint. My fiancé and I went for date night, and we loved everything from the ambiance to the food to the classy service. They make all their Pizzas and Pastas in-house so be prepared for an incredibly fresh meal. Highly recommend the carbonara and the black truffle pasta paired with red wine as they were so good, and for dessert you must try the Nutella Calzone and the chocolate sphere, they're absolutely delicious.
Amazing atmosphere, service and food. Leandro our server was very sweet and attentive. Had the Burrata as an entree and it was so fresh and delicious.Definitely coming back to try different dishes.
Came here on Tuesday night and it was packed, very pretty decorated, I think it would be a great spot to celebrate Mother's Day or any holiday here, also they do large groups dining. I really like their Calamari, they were very fresh and crunchy, drinks and desserts were beautiful as well. Definitely a hot spot in West Village.
Marija is the best waitress!! Food is good. A little crowded restaurant. Burrata was great. Nice vibe. Fresh food
Our experience at Olio E Più exceeded all expectations, and this was our second visit! You must make a point to stop at this restaurant to try the fresh pasta, delicious wine, and top notch dessert. Service was incredibly attentive and took such great care of us. Special thanks to Davinson our server for guiding us through the desert menu and delighting us with a couple sweet treats. Bravo! 
I’m used to “Italian in NYC”. It is an extremely competitive genre in the food scene here. I’ve had the most pompous overly-indulgent dishes and frankly I’m sick and tired of it. Olio e Più is a breath of fresh air in this market overridden with caviar, too much cheese, truffle slices, and uni all of which are typically in inappropriate places.Olio e Più is fine Italian food in a rustic cafe setting. You’ve got the classic bar with silver garnish, wrapping around a wood fire ceramic oven and finishing with the open air kitchen. It feels inviting and classic all at once.We had veal carpaccio, the carbonara, and the wild boar fusilli. All perfectly rich dishes without feeling over-indulgent. In fact, by the time dessert came around I was happy to ask for a Tiramisu.I really loved our server Maria. She was patient as we navigated the menu and offered help or suggestions when we asked. If the food wasn’t good I would still come back just because I really loved her service… however, everything was fantastic so they can absolutely count on us to become repeat customers.
Came here with my friend to have some amazing Italian food. Started off with the bruschetta ricotta and had the carbonara as an entree. Everything was amazing. The pasta tasted freshly made. Everything was greatly seasoned ( I highly recommend the bruschetta ricotta). I will definitely come back here. Not only was the food and atmosphere amazing, but Victoria, our waitress was amazing. She made sure that we had everything we needed. Was very kind and personable which made the experience much more amazing.
Amazing and fresh pasta! Anela was our server and she was such a gem and so helpful! This is my favorite Italian spot in NYC!
The staff is super friendly and tries hard to be helpful. I arrived on a busy Saturday evening about an hour earlier than my reservation and although they could not accommodate me earlier the hostess did take my number and said she would call if anything opened up (unexpected and nice). Waiters were busy but stopped to describe all the options on the menu in detail and answered questions thoroughly. The food was very tasty and although I would not call it "fine dining," it did bring a delightful new take on old favorites (like the pizza selections with authentic Italian ingredients), everything tasted fresh and flavorful. The seating was a little crowded but not really cramped and we (two 60+ year olds) ended up in a lengthy and fun conversation with out neighbors (two 30+ year olds) largely since they were seated only a few feet away. Prices are low to mid range for NYC (we are from NJ) and we felt we got "more than we paid for" in value. A nice time was had and we didnt break our wallet.
I came here with my friend Lizzie and we got the bruschetta, carbonara, and a pizza. These were so delicious and so filling, we could barely finish!! We sat in the outdoor garden space on a beautiful day and really enjoyed the fresh air. Our server Victoria was the sweetest and was super helpful in taking us through the menu and her recommendations. Would definitely come back again!
This was my first time at this restaurant and I can’t believe I didn’t come in to Olio any sooner. I always past by this place but never gone in until today. The pasta was fresh and the service from Davidson was superb! I’ll be returning!
I recently had the pleasure of dining at Olio e Più with my friends. We started with the bruschetta, which was made with fresh tomatoes, basil, and garlic. It was delicious!
I was looking for a nice restaurant in the area and came across this beautiful place. Food was really really tasty and fresh. And service exceptional. Gabriel was my waiter and he was very kind, attentive to everything and paying attention to details. Will definitely come back on my next visit to NYC.
Amazing service. Maria is the sweetest woman ever! Incredible fresh pasta. I got the beef pasta. It was wonderful 
Love everything about this place. Awesome drinks. Amazing fresh bread. Delicious pasta . And Adam, our server, was the best!
My family (including 3 kids) just happened upon Olio E Piu as we walked around the Greenwich Village area exploring. Many restaurants in the area were not open (I assume due to Covid), but this place was very busy. We were seated in the outdoor enclosed dining clubhouse and it was very quaint dining right along Greenwich Avenue. I had the carbonara which was excellent with homemade pasta and fresh ingredients. It was different than the best carbonara I've had elsewhere (in Italy and Mexico), but wonderful in its own unique way. The caesar salad was really good and a large size that two could easily share before an entree. My daughter had the tagliatelle bolognese and enjoyed that; I tried it also and would have chosen that on a next visit. Overall the service was mostly good, and the food was quite good. It's not an inexpensive place to dine, but most people probably wouldn't expect it to be considering its location.
Our experience was great! To start off, the outside of this restaurant was beautiful, the waitress’ and waiters were very friendly and attentive. Our waitress was named Victoria and with any questions we had she explained it very thoroughly and even gave her own opinion. We’re from Virginia and this place is definitely a 10/10. The food tasted so fresh and authentic.
Lovely place, very fresh food and awesome drinks! When you come, make sure to look for Leandro or Nivia, they were so nice and provided us with great tips and indications on the menu!
One of the most reviewed Italian places in all of NY. My friends and I came here on a Saturday for brunch and our experience was memorable. We made reservations prior and waited around 5 minutes for our table. We ordered everything from the caesar salad, salmone benedict, carbonara, garganelli, and the Olio burger. The pastas here are on another level. Freshly made with plenty of cheese, and quality ingredients. If you like the classics like breakfast Benedicts and burgers you can't go wrong here. The burger was seasoned well and cooked medium rare. There was something about the ketchup maybe house made or a special supplier, but my friends and I admitted it was yummy with the thinly cut fries. The Benedict had a generous amount of hollandaise and salmon. Overall, this brunch experience was amazing. Theres a reason why my friends been here twice in the last couple of months. Olio is a great place to people watch as well. Highly recommend sitting outside. The signature carbonara is a must order. I'll definitely be back to try their other famous pastas including their squid ink!
Delicious fresh pasta (we tried the carbonara and burrata lemencello), lively and cute dining atmosphere, and great service from Gabriel. A gem in the west village!
My wife and I dropped in on a walk from Downtown back to Times Square fort a late lunch. The ambience is great.I ordered the spaghetti alla carbonara, which was great. The pasta was fresh and the dish was full of flavour. My wife ordered the tartare di salmone, which was also fresh and set off with a lovely pesto. We finished with an espresso and tiramisu. Delicious. All in all an enjoyable stop for a late afternoon lunch.
I got the Bruschetta Ricotta as a takeout menu (Thank God for takeouts). It was fresh and tasty. I also saw that they have outdoor seating. Great place, would visit again!
Incredibly fresh salads, Great service and super cute! I definitely recommend this place and can’t wait to go there again!
This place is to DIE for. The pasta is so fresh and rich. Victoria was our waitress and was super sweet. I totally recommend!
We had a table by the kitchen at this fantastic restaurant and really enjoyed the opportunity to watch everything being made fresh. The food was delicious and the service was very friendly.
The best carbonara that I’ve had. The spaghetti was definitely made fresh with its uniquely spongey texture. The sauce was pleasantly bitter but satisfying. And the egg on top added the umami flavor when mixed. Recommended
My husband and I ate at this cozy restaurant over the Christmas holiday. All of the staff were very warm and friendly. The restaurant is very small and the tables close together; however, it felt warm and welcoming. My husband had the Veal and I had the Spaghetti Neri Alla Sarda. We also had the Barbabietole Salad. The food was fresh and delicious. Our waitress Suzanna was so helpful with the menu and making suggestions. The dessert we had was incredible - Nutella Calzone. We would put this restaurant top of our list when we return to New York.
This was a beautiful and quaint restaurant in Greenwich Village. It was so cozy - I loved the atmosphere. The service was perfect and the place was absolutely packed even for our 9pm dinner reservation. The pasta was incredibly fresh and everyone enjoyed their dishes. I had the beet salad and the spaghetti with pomodoro sauce and it was simple but had the perfect sauce. 
My wife and I came here for lunch on her birthday. The food was amazing as were the staff and the decor. Pizza was unreal (best pizza I’ve had in NYC) and was a perfect size for one. The freshly made pasta was perfect and my wife said the size was just right for one and the carbonara was AMAZING! The starters were delicious and the deserts were very tasty. They even gave us my wife’s desert for free for her birthday. Highly recommend this place and would be my go to Italian over any other in NYC ( better than Del Posto).
Found this little Italian Restaurant on Trip Advisor the reviews were good do we booked. We weren’t disappointed either, the ambiance was buzzing and the food was delicious the pasta was fresh and cooked to perfection service was excellent I would highly recommend a visit if in NYC then
We have never been to this restaurant before and was definitely most pleased with both the service and food. Waiters were very accommodating ensuring our glasses were topped up the whole time. Food was fast and fresh. The ink crab linguine was amazing! The ambience very funky. Would highly recommend a visit
Make your reservations prior as every seat was take inside and out. Highly recommend for an intimate setting with authentic Italian cuisine. For a start I suggest a brick oven pizza; we had the Nostrana pizza which is a white pie with mozzarella, ricotta, truffle oil topped with prosciutto - very good! For entrees you can't go wrong with the pasta. Everything is homemade and you taste how fresh the ingredients are and packed with flavor. Both the pasta carbonara and fettuccine tartufo were excellent and highly recommended!
Such a beautiful restaurant with typical European style side walk seating. It’s beautifully done. Service is very good and the food is to die for. Their pasta is freshly made which make it a good for soul. Thin crust pizzas which are difficult to find in US.
We discovered this restaurant online seeing their mouth-watering food photography on Instagram. The experience was even better than pictures. The quality of the food was immaculate, and the texture of the freshly made pasta was so so good. Victoria our waitress was an absolute delight, and made an already delicious meal feel absolutely special. Don’t miss this place if you’re in Manhattan.
We found out about the new menu and had to come in. Everything was fantastic. Carbonara was a highlight for our table. The truffle fettuccine was absurdly silky and bursting with flavor. I had the fussili e manzo. The pasta was fresh, the meat was tender and I’m very happy I made the choice.Americano and dessert was also great. The olive oil cake was off the charts and our server Susanna, truly a saint, recommended an extra scoop of vanilla on the side. Incredible. Get the olive oil cake. Seriously.
Amazing experience. Everything was delicious as usual - Ask for Victoria - she is the sweetest and so accommodating. Food is fresh and service is excellent.
We ended up here through a comedy of errors and I am so glad we did. The food was flavorful, fresh and delicious, and our waitress, Victoria, was warm, friendly and efficient.
I came here late afternoon for my birthday lunch. Victoria, the waitress here who was so kind, helped me with my order. I started with a refreshing fresh mimosa, followed by the Mezzelana Pasta- that Victoria suggested is one of their best- and indeed IT WAS! Absolutely amazing, smooth buttery with fresh pasta. My favorite so far. Cant wait to be back here again! 
We shared several dishes and the pasta is definitely a must! Both Bolognese and carbonara are delicious. The pizza was also really good, with fresh prociutto. Totally recommens this place for a relaxed dinner.
We came to Olio E Piu for the brunch on Sunday. My order was salmon with eggs. It was fresh and delicious. Special thanks for a waiter Victoria. Beautiful lady 🤩
I was at Olio E Piu with my friends for quite a late lunch on Saturday! They served us so fast, I was fascinated by how quick food has arrived even though they were fully booked! I ordered mussels in white wine with garlic, and was very fresh and delicious! They also have nice outdoor place! Highly recommend this place!
Lovely restaurant with great food, service, atmosphere. I had spaghetti with fresh tomatoes and sauce and my husband had the special pasta with truffles. For dessert we had gelato selection. We will return.
The calamari and it’s cheese-like sauce was excellent. The linguine pasta was very fresh and satisfying. Victoria was our waitress and was very attentive and welcoming.
Went to this place with a friend that was visiting NYC. I got the fusilli and he got the linguini - both were delicious. The pasta tastes fresh and is perfectly cooked. Our server, Victoria, was also very friendly and attentive. Would definitely recommend!
Came for brunch with my boyfriend. Victoria, our waitress, was very attentive and sweet. The staff was nice. I had lobster Benedict; it was rich , fresh, and delicious. My boyfriend had the smoked salmon Benedict and it was also delicious. 
Great food, wine, and service. Our waiter and waitress, Victoria, were excellent. The fritto misto was very fresh, one of the best I’ve had in NYC.
Pizza was great, I felt the ingredients were absolutely fresh. Our waitress Vitoria was super attentive. 
I can’t remember the last time I tasted something that exceeded my expectations. At Olio E Piú, we ordered the Caesar and Belga salads, plus the new lobster pasta and beef brisket pasta. The Caesar was creamy with crunchy croutons, and the Belga was light, simple and satisfyingly fresh: endives, candied walnuts, apples, Parmesan, probably olive oil and lemon juice. It’s exactly what I wanted. The pasta in the short rib mixture was cooked softly while retaining the perfect al dente texture. It’s satisfied our meat craving but was so light! Everything about the lobster dish was perfect. The lobster was cooked perfectly and the tomato sauce was a lovely compliment. Every part of this experience blew us away, and we can’t thank Suzana (our server) enough for answering our million questions. She is patient and thoughtful, and we appreciate you taking the time to work with us to determine exactly to order. We hope you see you soon, as we will be bringing our loved ones. Best Regards, Tasha. 
Olio e piu sits on a busy corner in Greenwich Village and serves Italian favorites with a creative and fresh twist. It's filled with tightly placed tables of diners enjoying the food, wine and each other in a very inviting atmosphere. Throw in the giant wood burning oven in the rear and you have a place where you will want to eat and linger. After ordering wine from a nice wine-by-the-glass menu, our appetizer, Bruschetta Rigotta, arrived. Olio e piu's take on traditional bruschetta includes crusty bread, creamy, whipped rigotta cheese, truffle oil and sea salt, a delicious take on the original. Next came our entrees. The Linguine alle Vongole featured clams in a light white wine sauce over homemade spaghetti but a little chili pepper gave it a little different punch. The highlight was the Spaghetti Neri all Sardi, scallops, shrimp, and sepia served over a beautiful black homemade pasta in a tomato basil sauce. This is a really outstanding pasta al mare The restaurant, even on our cold, rainy Monday evening was hopping but service was attentive. The manager or owner of the restaurant stopped by to check on us during our meal, as well.One caveat, if you are like us and need some light to read a menu, bring your own. The restaurant is lit only from above with tiny, battery-lit tealights on the table. The menu is printed in a small font and it was difficult to see it clearly.
Everything about our evening at this cozy Italian place was amazing, from the fresh pasta dishes to the unique and delicious desserts. Our server Susanna really took care of us and made us feel special. If you’re looking for a place with the perfect Greenwich Village vibe and great food and drinks, this is your place!
My daughter and I dined at Olio after a long day moving into her apartment for the summer. The restaurant is on a busy corner, but is just darling and on a sunny day, the alfresco seating is an added bonus.We had delicious fresh cocktails (The Belladonna and the Giardino), bruschetta with whipped fresh ricotta and truffle, Belga salad (endive), Risotto and Eggplant Ravioli.Staff is well trained, friendly and efficient. Portions are large (particularly salad) so advise sharing. Also, the "Panna/Water" charge is $7 (which is a generous portion with olive oil, some cheese and marinated artichoke). After ordering the bruschetta, we realized we had entirely too much bread (if there is such a thing), so next time I go back will probably select a different non-bread starter.Can't wait to return!
What an amazing restaurant in Greenwich. Food was delicious and service was fabulous. Highly recommend the fresh pasta. Thanks Victoria and we will be back the next time we are in NYC.
Risotto and pizza are quite yum and fresh. The restaurant is retro and cool at the same time. And our server Andrea is friendly :) 
First time at Olio e Piu was a success. Situated right off the corner of Greenwich and 6th with its inviting greenery we are so glad we came. The food was incredible, fresh pasta and wood fired pizza puts you right back in a small restaurant in Italy. The service was also great thanks to Susanna! We will definitely be back. 
We had dinner outside during sunset hours. Amazing vibes. Friendly staff. Victoria, our server, made sure we loved the food we ordered. Especially liked the fresh pasta - spaghetti carbonara & fusilli de manzo were both cooked to perfection. Definitely coming back!
Fast service, beautiful lighting, music that was fun but not too loud. You don’t have to scream to hear your dinner mates. Wait staff that is efficient and attentive but not overly friendly or chatty (which is what I prefer). Suzana was our server and she was amazing!! We ordered a bottle of the Pinot Grigio, a charcuterie board, the tagialtale, and Margherita pizza. Food came out fast, fresh, and warm. Not the the most mind blowing but very delicious and nurturing— the type of night where you know the quality is always maintained but you’re not going to unpleasantly surprised! We wolfed everything down in no time. 10/10 would bring friends again! 
My husband to me, my mom, our daughter. We wanted a new place, Italian, fresh; this was the spot. Cant wait to go back. 
This restaurant has a great atmosphere AND great food. Highly recommend the fresh pastas for dinner! The servers were also very accommodating and great.
Lovely outdoor seating - waitstaff was friendly and fast to take our order and deliver the food. Steak and fresh pasta, spicy pasta with lobster. Our food was excellent ! See you next trip to NYC👍🏻 
We had a really enjoyable meal here. We shared the fritto misto to start, which was delicious and very fresh, followed by tagliatelle bolognese and white pizza with prosciutto, rocket, and Parmesan. Atmosphere was fun; Saturday night and very busy, and so booking a table is advised as others had to wait. We had Susana as our waitress and she was very polite, attentive, and did a great job overall. Would recommend, and will come back again when next in NYC.
Had a late lunch here and the food was amazing! The pasta was so delicious and fresh. I had the Linguine Nere alla Sarda, and my date had the Spaghetti alla Carbonara. Both were so good. Our waitress Suzana was so nice and helpful. She really helped make it a great experience here. Can’t wait to come back!
Fresh homemade pasta made to perfection as it was slightly al dente. The flavor was amazing. Joined with with a full body Berillo wine which you rarely see on a menu. Been to Italy before, which brought back many memories. Felt like we were there again....Including the dining outside!Magnifico!!
My friends and I are coming from Toronto and we have always wanted to go to this well-known restaurant. Everything is perfect right here. The food are sooooo delicious. I personally recommend you guys to try out the freshly-made pasta and the pizza right here. The atmosphere is great and Victoria is the most helpful waitress I have ever met. the I can swear this must be the best restaurant in nyc.
A fantastic Valentine's Day with my lovely wife and adult kids. The mean was fresh and extremely tastey! Our server Suzana was perfect and added a even better experience to remember forever with my family!
Amazing place for a night out with friends! Really good wine and food! The pizza is is delicious, thin, the ingredients are fresh. Also discount on wines that allows us for more bottles!;) 
Well first things - it was so busy because the sun was shining, and it was a Sunday so was bound to be a bit busier than a weekday! As a solo traveller I was lucky to get a little high table outside so I could enjoy the sun and atmosphere. I had a lovely glass of italian white wine, and a snack of Prosciutto ham, and fresh bread with olives and oils. Just soaking up the atmosphere was lovely here. Staff were friendly and helpful, but understandably were busy on their feet.
Recommended by a friend and glad we came here. The atmosphere, the service and food were perfect. Our server Vitoria was amazing made great recommendations and was chirpy and nice. We ordered a linguini with clams was so fresh with perfect flavors.The others in our group ordered a pizza, gnocchi and spaghetti and were all very pleased.
Amazing Italian dinner and excellent waitress Victoria! Fresh cheese board, pizza, and mussels! Some of the best Italian food in the city.
I really enjoyed my lunch with friend here. The food was fresh and tasteful and the service was super good. I specifically Iike the black linguine with seafood. The girl called Suzana provided considerate service and we felt warmly welcome. I highly recommend!
While nearby doing some errands we popped in to this conveniently located eatery in the heart of Greenwich Village. We were delighted to be welcomed by our very friendly waiter Kiril who graciously seated us at a cozy banquette. This elegant but unpretentious dining room could easily be in Italy with an open kitchen area with pizza oven, wine racks and pane loaves stacked up, on display.We were hungry and excited to select from their extensive menu. We opted for sharing two plates—an arugula and prosciutto salad with a very light EVO based dressing and freshly grated Parmesan, together with a wild mushroom ravioli that was beyond delectable. For dessert we savored an olive oil cake with whipped cream and fresh berries, dusted with just the right amount of powdered sugar. All that with a couple glasses of wine made for a perfect late afternoon Manhattan lunch treat!! Bravo!!
Cozy, relaxed place with the best pizzas. Fresh ingredients, reasonable prices and great service from Vitoria! 
I live in NYC and my mom visited me here, so we went to Olio e Piú. Let me just say, we were not disappointed! I ordered a tomato and asparagus soup and it was fresh and tasty. My entree was the chicken and potatoes, and it was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. Our waitress, Victoria, was very kind and helpful. If you’re visiting someone at NYU or anywhere close to here, Olio E Piú is a must! You won’t regret it.
Such a friendly staff. They always do their best to squeeze us in and treat us like royalty. The food is consistant and always tasty and fresh. A great selection of wine too. Their outdoor area is great in the nice weather and bar is large and nice for conversation. Suzanna has been our waitress a few times now and we love here. Can’t say enough about this place. 5 stars! Wish they had a sister restaurant uptown.
My friend and I stumbled across Olio e Piu one evening and I fell in love with the food, atmosphere and staff. The hostess, Carolina, is so sweet - she greeted us instantly with a smile. The pizza dough is delectable - it's fresh, soft, and absolutely delicious. The pastas and risotto are bursting with flavor. Every dish I've gotten from Olio e Piu has been top notch. I raved about Olio e Piu so much my boyfriend surprised me on our anniversary by taking me there. He, too, loved the food and finally understood why I couldn't stop talking about how good it is. Our waitress, Suzana, was very attentive and kind - we had such a lovely evening. I am a bit of a food critic, but this place has my heart! I cannot recommend it enough. You will not be disappointed!
Cute, cosy place with great fresh pasta and attentive service by our server Suzana. When my friend mentioned her likes and dislikes she was ready to recommend many other options based on her preferences. Highly recommend the mushroom ravioli and bolognese!
Even the restaurant was really full there was no long waiting time for drinks and food.We ate two pizza which were delicious, all the ingredients tasted fresh, the dessert was a perfect finish.Service was friendly and courteous, in special Suzana.All in all a good place for lunch or dinner.
This is a nice spot for Italian food. Friendly atmosphere and open doors overlooking a nice street view. We shared wine, fresh meats and cheeses, and delicious pastas. Our server Vittoria was a delight. Will have to come again to try more of the menu!
Victoria served me tonight and the food and service was amazing. So delicious and fresh and all of the food was hot. She was prompt with water re fills and giving helpful suggestions. This is my third time here and I cannot wait to go back!
We dined here during a short trip to New York. As we were staying two blocks from Central Park it was nice to grab a cab to Greenwich Village where the restaurant is situated and see a bit more of NY. Offering al fresco dining in front of the restaurant and a fully open fronted dining area in doors, this cosy and welcoming venue is a pleasing first sight. We found the tables were a little too close together but this was the only thing we could fault, and I guess the rents in NY mean you have to squeeze out every penny from your floor space, so it wasn't a huge problem. The menu was as authentic as it was extensive offering a delicious array of Italian cuisine. The wine list was also impressive with a bottle for every budget. We have an Argentine Cab Sauv for around USD50 which was in the mid range. The pasta was all freshly made and perfectly cooked. The portions were quite big, so bring an appetite. Our server, Milena, was very friendly and attentive. Worth a visit.
Very good Italian food at Olio e Piu. My wife and I dined here at the end of June and were very pleased with the service and our meals. I ordered the Spaghetti alla Carbonara and my wife ordered the Tagliatelle Bolognese. Both were cooked to perfection, served hot and fresh. We dined outside, on an extremely hot evening, and enjoyed watching the coming and goings of the area. Prices were a little high but it is New York. Only negative would be that there was no ice served with our water on such a hot evening. We would absolutely dine here again.
The food is super good, delicious and fresh, I had a combo cheese and meat. The server was on top the Italian girl Valentina is fast,polite and making me feel welcomed. For sure I will come back, exelent experience.
My friends and I were super excited to try some fresh pasta from Olio e Piú, and I am happy to say we were not disappointed! Our waitress, Victoria, was very friendly and attentive, we didn't have to wait long for anything! The food was absolutely delicious and the portions were perfect. We loved the atmosphere, too! Definitely plan on coming back!
We came to Greenwich Village to look around and ran into this fantastic little Cucina we all enjoyed our food very much! Fresh pasta, very quaint atmosphere, Excellent service from our server Victoria
We had a superb mid-day meal here yesterday. My daughter enjoyed the Roast Chicken which was cooked to perfection, it was a generous portion that was served butterflied, with crispy golden skin. The meat was tender and juicy. Served with sautéed spring vegetables, it was perfectly plated and the perfect comfort food. My husband and I shared the Antipasto plate which was a delicious assortment of Italian meats and cheeses, and a wood fired oven Pizza that was out of this world! The fennel/chestnut/grape salad was the perfect compliment! Our waitress Victoria did a wonderful job of taking care of us, she was very attentive, kind and sweet! Even the guy Bussing the tables was incredibly nice. This was the 3rd time I have been here, and have never been disappointed. From the wonderful wood fired oven fresh bread, the starters, the meal and great service, we will definitely be back!
My sister and I dined at Olio e Piu on Sunday, May 27. I learned of the restaurant via Instagram while browsing dining options for our Memorial Day Weekend visit. Their pasta and ricotta bruschetta options hooked us, and the restaurant certainly delivered. We arrived at the vine-covered, gardenesque location at 6:40pm for a 7:00pm reservation and were immediately sat. The restaurant has warm, old world charm, which instantly got my sister and I excited. The warmth did not stop with the decor. Everything from the food to the service to the ambiance radiated that same warmth. Our server, Aleksandra, was no exception. She was incredibly attentive - never did we have any empty water glass - without being intrusive. She truly seemed to care about each of her guests' food happiness, just like mom. We first ordered that ricotta brushcetta Instagram got us so excited about. We were instantly transported back to Italy with this creamy ricotta atop crispy ciabatta drizzled with truffle oil. Comfort food at its finest. Entrees included, spaghetti alla carbonara and gnocchi alla genovese. Both dishes were delicate yet satisfying. The carbonara was some of the best we'd had since Rome. The gnocchi was like none other I'd had before. Its pesto was creamy, fragrant, and incredibly cheesy. Tiramisu was up for dessert. It was like a boat of tiramisu was brought to our table - plenty for sharing. It was so light and airy, I almost felt less full after eating it than before we dug in. None of our dishes were overdone or showy - just full of refined, comforting flavors. It was clear to see the restaurant prides itself on bringing its guests fresh, masterfully prepared dishes that are welcoming and approachable for all. The staff was a well-oiled machine; everyone pitched in to ensure a memorable experience. The food came out fast but never felt rushed. It truly felt like family there. We felt Aleksandra was a true reflection of the restaurant itself. She provided world-class service with homey touch; when she told me she hoped to see us at the restaurant again, it felt like she meant it. I will definitely make my way back to Olio e Piu next time I'm in NYC; it'll be as if I'm returning home.
We ate here after my son's graduation from NYU. All I can say is the Ambiance, Service and food are incredible. It's an authentic Italian Restaurant. We started sitting outside, but a rain storm forced us inside, which in hind site I'm happy it did. Sitting outside was great, but sitting inside was great too. The Wait Staff was incredible. Friendly, and I must admit very patient with my attempting to pronounce Italian words. We had very good Italian Wine. I ordered a quarter chicken meal and I must admit it the best chicken I've ever had. My wife had a salad and grilled chicken, which she enjoyed. The chicken was not dry like most other places and the salad was fresh and crispy. My son ordered the Cavatelli Ragu di Angelo and absolutely Loved it. If you are ever in New York City, you have to come here to eat. I know we will be back. When we received the bill I expected it to be over $200. but it was only $137 and change. So based on the quality of the service, food and ambiance I'm going to say this restaurant is very inexpensive for the overall quality.
Today after more than 5 years visited Olio e Pui again. And it had still the same ambiance that I imagined. Sitting on the terrace or in the restaurant gives you the feeling that you walked out the “city that never sleeps”. Feels like being back in Europe on a square somewhere in Italy. The greenery around and polite service.There is no rush when you enjoying the lovely food like you have on other place. Where starter and main almost come at the same time and you receive you bill already before desert is finalized. At Olio e Pui they take the time for the customer and let you decide when to leave. The food was really nice, fresh & tasty. Price quality level is good. Our 18 months old son enjoyed it all as well. We would definitely come back and recommend it to others.
Stay here for a dinner, wonderful atmosphere inside and also available table outside.i enjoy the homemade fresh pasta : "linguine al nero di seppia" The waitress Alessandra was amazing with us and not only served the dish but also make me feel like at home... ciao :)i am thinking at my next time there...
 Beautiful Italian restaurant with to die for pizza and fresh ricotta cheese. Perfect place to grab breakfast, brunch or lunch. A must if you are in The Village ❤️
La cameriera Alessandra era molta gentile. Il cibo mi fa bene. L’atmosfera... mamma mia! I had the avocado toast. I was offered fresh pepper so I took it. I also had an iced cappuccino, which was also delightful. Make sure to enjoy the frittata ai funghi and the lovely setting.
I don’t come into the city often but when I do I love coming to this restaurant. I’ve been here three times now and I have never been disappointed. Salads are fresh, pizzas are delicious and the service is amazing. We were served by Martina last time we came and she was so helpful, sweet and thorough. I had ricotta gnocchi with THE best pesto I’ve had in my life. Highly HIGHLY recommend coming to this charming restaurant!
Oilo e Piu is the BEST SPOT IN NYC for date night/casual night/ night out with your friends! Service is amazing, mainly due to our beyond fantastic server Alesandra or amazing bartender Christina. They have an engaging personality, knowledgeable on the menu and a breath of fresh air. Especially in the city where places can be uptight and cold. Yes the risotto is the best I’ve had in the city but you gotta come for Alesandra and Christina. Love long time fan,Candice
Excellent and friendly service by Aleksamdra matched by yummy food (awesome olive oil), and fresh squeezed juice with your Sunday mimosa!
Amazing food and very fresh! Great service, Andrea was very good ! There is a nice ambianceand very cozy.
Even before I lived in NYC, whenever I visited I made a point to come to Olio e Più. I’ve never once had a bad meal here- from the warm savory bruschette to the fresh branzino. They have fantastic seasonal menus and a well-curated wine list. I likely won’t fina a bottle of 2014 Barbera D’Asti for that price anywhere else either. I highly recommend the Carbonara (best in the city) and any of the wood fired pizzas. You can’t go wrong here!
Came to New York for my first time this week and have been finding it hard for somewhere nice to eat apart from the tourist areas. Me and my sister came across Greenwich and then came across this restaurant. To say brunch was excellent is a understatement. Fresh food and lovely coffee. Not only was the food good but couldn’t of gotten better service. Our waiter was called Alexandra and she couldn’t of helped us more. I am returning in December and for sure will be returning here...
Great restaurant with a buzzing atmosphere. Defintaley would require reservation for dinner over the weekend. They pack people in but table for two was nice and big. Staff were friendly and attentive, food was fresh and tasty. Lots of people also sitting at the bar for dinner. Just over a 5 minute walk from a couple of subway stations which makes it easy to het to from other areas of the city.
I ate here for the first time and chose the Gnocchi Alla Genovese complemented with the Chianti. I am Italian, and have grown up with my mother cooking Italian dishes and inspiring my love of Italian food. I was blown away by the gnocchi. The ricotta gnocchi was soft and creamy with the perfect amount of fresh pesto sauce. The atmosphere was classic upscale Italian with a chic twist. I highly recommend this restaurant and the gnocchi!
We had the carbonara that was so authentic it was definitely the highlight of our night. Quality ingredients used and the pasta tasted very freshly made. The interior design is very antique and cute - perfect for a date. What made our night was our server - Andrea. He was very accommodating, nice and introduced the dishes to us one by one. We will definitely be back! 
Wonderful very authentic Italian restaurant. Staff could not have been more attentive and were extremely nice. The food came very quickly and could not fault it, freshly cooked pasta and pizza that was to die for. A must visit for New York but make sure you book because the restaurant is extremely busy (and rightly so)!!! BOOK NOW- you won’t regret it!!
This restaurant has the best gnocchi and overall fresh pasta I have ever tasted! A must visit! You must have the prosciutto di parma and the burrata with truffle and prosciutto!!
We did an early dinner at Olio e Piu after catching a play. We couldn't get into a restaurant recommended to us, so turned to Trip Advisor and found Olio e Piu. Although we didn't have reservations, they fit us in. The atmosphere was terrific. The outside seating just flows into the inside and provided a very nice mix of fresh air and outside activity with the comfort of being inside. The Focaccia and oil was a great start. The spaghetti with Pomodoro sauce, when combined with the meatballs side dish was spectacular. Our granddaughter has the gnocchi with pesto and loved it.Thank you Olio e Piu and Trip Advisor for the best dinner we had in our three days in NYC.
Our waitress Victoria was amazing, the food was delicious, and the atmosphere was adorable!It's like it's in a garden! And the pasta is fresh made, mmmmm.
I went here with friends and was served by Victoria. She was so sweet and attentive. I had the carbonara and it was amazing. So fresh and flavorful. Will definitely be back!
Visited this restaurant on a recent trip to NYC. Beautiful restaurant in a lovely part of Manhattan. Very friendly and helpful staff. You can see the chefs preparing the meals. All the pasta is homemade and fresh, couldn't fault it!
After walking by the relatively new restaurant along Greenwich Ave in the Village, the outdoor seating was an attractive option. On our visit, we sat inside, and the indoor area is quite spacious. This restaurant can accommodate easily over 100 with outdoor and indoor seating. For Manhattan, this is rare in Greenwich Village with smaller older buildings.We were welcomed by our server, Catalina, who was very helpful and quick to offer suggestions. Olio e Piu has a selected menu with rotating items of 20 different regions in Italy. We did not order these items, but we learned later that you get a stamp and passport if you order these items with an entry to win a trip to Italy. I like restaurants which offer seasonal menus to keep it fresh on multiple visits.The meal started with a complimentary plate of bread, cheese, drizzled with olive oil. The plate was a lovely starter. For the appetizers, we went with seafood and veal selections. The Cozze in Padella for $18 P.E.I (Prince Edward Islands) Mussels, white wine, cherry tomatoes, lemon, garlic, parsley were very flavorful. We also had Vitello Tonnato for $19 Chilled veal, tuna, capers, arugula. This dish was very satisfying.We ordered two rounds of drinks from the cocktail menu. There is a great wine selection, but it is always nice to have a craft cocktail menu as well. We had the following drinks which were all $15 each: Olio Mule with Vodka, elderflower liquor, lemon juice, ginger, prosecco; Go-To with Vodka, cucumber, elderflower liqueur, lime juice, ginger ale, mint; Italian Sangria with Aperol, triple sec, red sweet wine, orange juice, lemon juice; Montenegro Cooler with Amaro Montenegro, grapefruit juice, prosecco, splash of soda. The Mule and Italian Sangria were the two best of the four drinks. All of the drinks were very good overall.On the entrees, we went with the Linguine Nere Alla Sarda for $28 with Octopus, shrimp, potatoes, arugula, chili flakes and Branzino in Padella for $36 with the Whole Sea Bass and Broccoli. The squid ink black linguine meshes very well with the seafood. The Sea Bass was excellent size portion as well.Finally, we had two desserts; Gelato Three Scoops for $16 with Pistaccio Di Sicilia, Espresso, Cioccocolato Di Perugia and Nutella Calzone for $17 with mascarpone, Nutella, walnuts, strawberries, powdered sugar. The Calzone was huge. I was unable to finish it and had to take it home. It is the right size dessert to share.Overall, I had good service, quality food, and pleasant restaurant. I look forward to coming back again to this restaurant. Thank you to Federico, the manager, for checking out table during the meal.
We stumbled upon this place. The little patio with the lush greens caught our attention. What a gem! We both had pizza and wine and it was perfect! Tasty. Fresh. Love the decor and the fresh flowers on the tables. I definitely would recommend! 
Wonderful service from our lovely waitress, Lais. Helpful with recommendations & knowledge of food & wines. Food came quickly and was fresh. We all enjoyed the dim lighting and atmosphere. 
The food was amazing, the pizza was fresh and delicious. Same about the gnocci and the meatballs. Victoria was super attentive and gracious. Will certainly visit again! 
We started with fresh, warm olives and homemade bread as well as a wedge of delicious parmesan. The waitress suggested a cheese plate in which the mozzarella was the freshest we have ever eaten. Viva Italia! Mid bite in our ravioli, we started planning a November trip to Italy. We also.ordered the Tartufo pizza - an explosion of flavor! 
This is a charming and very friendly restaurant in the West Village. We were a party of five adults arriving at the restaurant mid-afternoon, just after 3:00PM. We were offered a table outside or inside and opted to sit inside.Our server Victoria was truly excellent, she is very personable and helped us navigate the menu making some excellent recommendations. I had the Salmon with a putanesca sauce, which was very fresh tasting and the salmon was cooked perfectly. Others in the party had the ricotta gnocchi in a mushroom sauce, which was not strictly on the menu, but the kitchen accommodated us and it got rave reviews. Also spaghetti carbonara and a good old fashioned burger. Everyone was very pleased with their food.Apart from the food the ambience and the service were also excellent, made even better by Victoria’s sparkling personality. We will definitely be back and I highly recommend.
We went to Italy 3 months before our visit to this restaurant. Olio e Piu is as good as any Italian food we had in Italy! The pasta carbonera with the egg on top was superb! Good fresh breads also. At the south end of Greenwich Ave. 
Visited this restaurant on holiday and meeting up with some friends for a meal. Was a lovely place with great selection of Italian plates, genuine fresh flavours in an ambient atmosphere with great service from our waitress called Magda. We weren't too sure what to choose as the menu is extensive but Magda gave great recommendations! 
We had Victoria as a waitress, who was wonderful in making sure we had everything we needed. We started with the generously apportioned frutti misto, then moved on to the aromatic ravioi ai funghi and fresh linguine volgone. The finisher was a lovely tiramisu. Thanks Victoria! ;)
We visited Olio e Piu after seeing positive reviews on tripadvisor, and it’s safe to say we were not disappointed! We shared the focaccia for starter which was extremely delicious, but the star of the show came with the pasta. We both had the Parmesan and black pepper dish which was sublime! Tasty fresh pasta and incredible flavour! To make the whole meal even more enjoyable we had a very attentive and charming server named Victoria who made the meal incredibly enjoyable. Would definitely visit again on our return to NYC.
Terrific, pleasant service with a fresh, bustling atmosphere. Always delicious entres. We live uptown but always love coming to brunch at olio. 
Amazing margarita pizza. Very fresh cheese and basil. Service was great, Victoria was very helpful. Lovely atmosphere. Definitely recommend. 
Absolutely lovely Place! Must try the gnocchi and service is excellent!!! Super fresh, noodles and sauce both, not processed.
This is my fourth time eating here and it keeps getting better. Amazing food and even better service. Fresh, homemade pasta and great wine! I would recommend this to everyone!
Fresh homemade noodles with pasta sauces and perfect salad that was dressed nicely. Victoria was great and accommodated to all of our needs in a timely manner. The ambience of the restaurant was also so great at 7:30p on a Friday night! Loved our experience! 
When I say this is some of the greatest Italian food I've ever had, please know that I live with Italians and so this does not come lightly as I've been taught to judge harshly when it comes to this cuisine. That said, this place does not do things by halves, and it is without a doubt one of the greatest restaurants in New York. The food itself is incredible, and the service is wonderful - I'm so sad I didn't get the name of our waitress, but she was really nice and made conversation with us, she made the experience all the better. I had some of the fresh-made pasta and my friend had a stone-fired pizza, and the two meals were some of the best we've had in the city. I will without question be returning to this restaurant, and I implore you to go as soon as you're in the area. On a nice night, definitely request to sit outside.
My husband and I discovered this restaurant on a Saturday afternoon, and it is hands down one of the best restaurants we've ever experienced. Our cocktails and prosciutto melon salad were extraordinary, but the fresh pasta entrees were next level. Vitoria was absolutely amazing, and so kind. She is the best! Next time we are in NYC, we will definitely be returning! Thank you all so much for the beautiful experience.
I have been dining here for the past 8 years and I always have a good experience. To start off, our waiter Vitoria was just outstanding. With a great disposition she talked to us about the menu, offered to have us taste the wines we were curious about and helped us get our food quite promptly. The salmon was beautifully cooked and it came with a delicious fresh salad and potatoes. The gnocchi with pesto sauce was terrific as well. It was so good I forgot to take pictures. If you visit NYC you have to stop by this place no matter what season of the year. The pizze here is amazing too! 
Great place for outdoor meal with delicious food. We had great service by Victoria, our gorgeous and super sweet server. Excellent people watching in the heart of Greenwich Village. Brick oven pizza and fresh salads. Fairly priced and great quality. Highly recommend. 
This is one of the best restaurants that I have visited in New York. The food is fantastic, the traditional pasta has great tomato sauce on it, and it tastes like real fresh tomato, not ketchup sauce, which is amazing. Our waitress Victoria is very nice and helpful. Her awesome service made our experience even better. Highly recommended. Love this place! 
Chose here for our evening meal and were not disappointed. Pizza was very fresh and although the chicken was not chicken breast as told by waiter it was still very tasty. Fantastic service from manager when we had issue behind us and will definitely be back and recommend to anyone visiting New York
On vacation, I went for a late meal with husband and teenagers on a Thursday so it was not crowded. I'd read some negative reviews regarding the wait staff, but that was not at all our experience. Service was prompt but not rushed, as well as attentive. The food was all very good, although a little pricey. I felt that the quality of all the ingredients was top, since everything tasted very fresh. We had the meatball as well as the grilled octopus appetizers and both were great. Four of us shared a beet salad which was excellent. Then I had the linguini nere and it was soooo good! Usually I don't order seafood out because often the quality and freshness is sub par, even in upscale places, but this was perfect all around with delicious squid ink pasta. The gelato was super yummy - three baseball-sized scoops! Overall, we really enjoyed the food and the sunny dining room at this restaurant for our lazy afternoon lunch. 
This place is going on my list of favorite restaurants in NYC. The food is excellent. My husband and I had pasta dishes. They were both so fresh and flavorful. He had a seafood pasta and I had spaghetti. Great wine list, too. And, I love the decor. It's a cute place in the West Village - near 9th St. subway stop. I will definitely go there again. Delish!
I found Olio e Piú on TripAdvisor and my family has never been around the West Village area so we figured everyone was hungry for Italian food so let's give it a try. It was a beautiful night so all the doors were open to the restaurant. The outside seating was totally packed so we had to sit in side. Now this was at 6pm on a Saturday night. We were greeted as soon as we stepped into the restaurant. We were seated within 5 minutes and our server came over within a minute after that to welcome us to Olio e Piú. There was five of us and we all ordered some drinks. Three of us had the Malbec from Argentina and the other two had a Pinot Grigio. Both wines were around $14 a glass, which in NYC is really good. I had there garden salad to start with and it was very good and quite large. It was $10, which I thought was very reasonable for the size of it. For dinner three of us had the Raviolis ai Funghi, which was awesome. It was cooked in a truffle butter and topped with fresh parmesan. Again, awesome! My son had the Gnocchi al Gorgonzola and I have to admit it was the lightest gnocchis I have ever had. The flavors of the gorgonzola and the dried dates and toasted walnuts were matched perfectly. For dessert we kind of shared a Lemon Ricotta Panna Cotta, which it was so rich, but light in texture. This will be a place we will definitely come back to. I would recommend this to anyone who appreciates great Italian food. Price per-person was at $65, which was well worth it. Definitely make reservations for this restaurant in advance or you will be eating at 6pm or 10 pm.
If you love Italian cuisine this is the place for you. Fantastic pasta, fresh salads and great service. Wine selection topped the whole meal off as one of the best. Being on a busy intersection only adds to the buzz and fun of the eating experience.
The prices were okay, we payed 6 dollars for a croissant with jam and a cup of coffee or tea. The croissants were fresh and the tea and coffee was okay.The restaurants itself makes it really cozy. The flowers and the colorful decor both outside and inside gave it a very sweet and romantic atmosphere. A cute place in the very sweet Greenwich Village.The restaurant had good service and all the waiters were very kind and had time to talk to us.
The three of us popped into this very picturesque restaurant while sight seeing in Greenwich Village. We ordered and shared a pizza. Once again in this city of New York we cockaded that pizza really is king . The pizza was fresh, the toppings tasty. But, perhaps a little on the wet side. However, for $17 we each got a full slice and shared the fourth slice, which was ample for a light lunch. The service is friendly and prompt. 
deliciously fresh seasonal italian food, presented really well and with fabulous service from the beautiful Michelle! thank you! wonderful pasta, great salads and a very decent wine list too. Not cheap, but very much worth the $$
i ate here alone whilst working in NYC. Great place to sit and watch the world go by. try to sit outside. Food was tasty and fresh, staff friendly and relaxed. I had beab bruchetta and a burrata pizza.
This is a great place to eat and people watch. The food is fresh and the service is great. I ordered a salad and it was heart and vibrant. Outside tables are staggered and close together, but this served us well because we got to know our dining neighbors and left the restaurant together for a fun night!
By the time we found this fabulous spot, we were delirious from dehydration and hunger but we were thrilled that we wandered that far! Between two, we shared the fritto misto (appetizer) and the corneto di bufala (pizza main) and it was more than enough food for us! the pizza was incredible and the fritto misto was incredibly fresh. the gentleman next to us had the veal meatballs which also looked wonderful. totally worth a visit!
Recently visited this restaurant after taking in an afternoon Mets game. We divided to grab a a quick dinner in Greenwich village after a ball game and stumbled across this restaurant. It is really nicely decorated and has an appealing look while walking past it. There are tables outside which we had the good fortune of getting one. We ordered a large Caesar salad to share... The addition of salty tangy olives and sweet sun-dried tomatoes made for a great addition to what is normally a consistent salad choice. We had a Margherita pizza that was to die for, fresh tomato sauce and homemade mozzarella on a wood oven baked crust and topped with fresh basil. We shared the pizza in addition to a bowl of fresh linguini pasta with a sweet tomato sauce with fresh garlic and basil. Everything was so fresh and homemade tasting... We only wished that we were told to get a second pasta dish as the one was not enough for the four of us despite having shared the salad and pizza. In addition to the good food, our waitress was also very good!
This restaurant is visually charming from the outside tables with loads of fresh, colorful flowers, to the warm decor inside. We ordered pasta, and the dishes came in colorful Italian ceramic, and were delicious, tasting homemade. We also had a thin-crust pizza which hit the spot. The wine list was complimentary and well-selected. Definitely a place to return!
We've passed this place several times in the past 10 days and were determined to try it before our trip was up. The restaurant is gorgeous from the outside, with alfresco dining with a ton of plants and flowers scattered between the tables. To be honest, bard on our experience the setting is the best thing olio e piu had going for it. First thing the food: i had the zupa di pesce (34) which was a soup filed with clams, mussels, squid and potato. The seafood was plentiful but it was let down by an overly salty broth. It also needed some fresh herbs to bring the out more flavor. hubby had the corneta di bufali pizza (24) which was more like a calzoni with sausage and meats. Whilst he enjoyed it, it definately wasnt a stand out pizza. Service was a total let down. Slow from start to finish, had to ask for a drink three times, was going to have dessert but the server took so long to return we decided not to bother. Overall a very average experience. Wouldn't return. 
This fine Italian restaurant is located just off 6th Avenue on Greenwich Street in the West Village. It is a handsome restaurant with many tables for outside seating during nice weather. I had dinner here with two friends and we all agreed that our meals were excellent and that we would definitely return.After leaving a carafe of water for the table, we were give a basket of delicious home baked Italian bread and a plate of virgin olive oil with balsamic vinegar. The three of us decided to share the Caprese salad (heirloom tomatoes, burrata cheese, basil with a balsamic reduction) after we saw it served on a nearby table. We ordered two since we thought one might not be enough for the three of us. Actually one would have been enough of this delicious appetizer.One of my dining companion has a passion for Vitello tonnato (veal, tuna aioli , frisee,, capers and croutons which is usually hard to find. It is actually an appetizer but he ordered it as his main course. He said it was excellent. My other dining companion ordered the Linguine alle Vongole e Zucchini (fresh clams with zucchini sofrito, garlic oil and parsley It too was deemed delicious. I ordered the Gnocchi al Gorgonzola that had dried dates and toasted walnuts in the creamy sauce. It too was excellent.We were way too full for dessert but maybe next time we will try some. The restaurant also has a selection of pizzas from their wood burning oven and serves a daily brunch.
We were not made to wait and promptly given a table, where we wanted.The food was fresh and good. We were satisfied with the service and the amount they charged us for the meal.
My SO and I were walking around Greenwich Village trying to find a place for dinner that looked nice and wasn't too pricey. We noticed this place because of the nice outdoor seating area and the flower shop next door.We had the caprese salad to start but it was nothing special. A little expensive for four thick slices of tomato and a scoop of fresh mozzarella that wasn't firm enough for my liking. I had the Margarita pizza which was quite good and my SO had the gnocchi which she enjoyed. The service was good and the overall experience was as well. We would go back. 
These guys really do not know how to make Italian pizza. I ordered a pizza with prosciutto di parma and the pizza tasted only like bread with way to much expired-on-the-date cheese. I got four pieces of ham on it, but everything just had the taste of old, bad cheese and raw dough from the bread.The service started out very good. But then my waiter (an Italian blonde guy) forgot me. So another waiter (tall, dark hair and maybe wore glasses) took care of me. The last waiter was better, but I still had to ask for another glass of wine, the dessert menu etc, so they were not very attentive. I ordered creme brûlée for dessert which was good. They said it was homemade, but it did not have any taste of fresh vanilla in it. It was still good thou.After I was done eating, they immediately said that if I was to order more to drink and not more to eat, I had to leave my table and sit at the bar. Maybe this is what usually is done in New York, but I find this extremely rude when I pay over 60$ to the restaurant.
My husband and I stumbled on this restaurant on our way to Christopher street, and what a surprise! Food was divine!I am a very picky Italian, and when it comes to pizza, I am super fussy! The food was divine, the dough super light, cooked in a wood fired oven, the bursts super fresh and the basil as tasty as the one I pick from my garden!A bottle of Nero d'Avola was 22 dollars (half price!), the service was excellent....Wholeheartedly recommended as one of the best pizzas in NYC! Better than Lombardi's!!!!!
We probably had a misfortune and they had a bad batch of fish, but it has been a bad night after that calamari and shrimps. As for the pizza, too wet and too thin, and it's a pity because the ingredients were so tasty and fresh.... Unusual location on the side with cars and trafic nearby but never too bad. Pity, it could be so much better...
Dropped in for an early dinner and was pleasantly surprised. Chef Dominick and staff were outstanding! Wood oven pizza was very good and I am very picky about My pizza ! I had the BEST spaghetti carbonara ever...Pasta was fresh, pancetta crisp AND served with a raw egg yolk in the center. Absolutely outstanding. Pizza, Pasta and Wine....Can't find any fault with that Trio! Don't miss this restaurant. Quality throughout...only hit would be the wine list...could use a little work. I just made myself hungry writing this review. Guess I need to go back very soon!!
This was what I repeated when the waiter came over to offer to sprinkle some parmesan on my tagliatelli bolognese. The pasta was absolutely over the top delicious. Very fresh. The portion was perfect. Great bread. Great caprese salad. Dessert was also excellent....all of them!!! Our group of 4 shared :). Really nice atmosphere-hip vintage vibe. Service was good. When I return to New York I will not miss having a meal here.
We live just a few blocks away from Olio, The Fresh pasta and tasty pizza's makes this place one of our favorite joints.
Good location!Eclectic ambiance. Delicious margherita pizza with a good combination of tomato sauce, crispy crust, fresh leaves of basil and melting cheese.Paninis are also one of their specialties.A good place to have lunch while visiting Greenwich Village.Effective and unpretentious service! The kind of service that I like!In the summertime, you should eat outdoor.
We had dinner at Olio e Più when we went to visit NYC. We're an italian couple but we live in Canada, and we know what is a real good pizza: this is! The pizza was like in Italy, soft and salty dough covered with fresh ingredients (prosciutto crudo, burrata, basil, ecc...)Nice atmosphere and good service!!
This restaurant gets consistently good reviews, which is one of the reasons I chose it for quite a large pre-theater gathering (Blue Man Group is about half a mile away). We weren't disappointed. The variety of pizzas were delicious, varied and fresh. One of our party thought the crust could have been a little crisper, but most thought them just right. Other non-pizza food that we sampled also got great reviews from the party. This was a warm September evening in New York - all the doors were open to the busy streets; the restaurant was packed, so we were glad we booked in advance and the atmosphere was noisy but fun. Some of the servers could have smiled a little more, but the service itself was speedy and attentive.
This was our favorite restaurant during our stay in Manhattan! Located in Greenwich Village. Charming ambiance, casual, great place for a date or with friends. Indoor eclectic mix of furnishings and antiquey lighting, outdoor cafe seating. We ordered the pizza which was authentic Italian-style with fresh ingredients. Reasonable prices. Friendly service. Loved that they played reggae grooves as it made for a nice chill, unpretentious vibe.
We took my niece (15) for a weekend to NYC and wanted at least one casual dinner out and near the world famous original Magnolia Bakery in the village. I find some good reviews on TA about Olio Pizza and glad to see that I could make a reservation on Opentable. The restaurant itself has lots of quaint outdoor dining and big french doors that open up outside. The evening we were there it was hot so we chose to sit inside although the french doors were open to the outside which was a great atmosphere. We were seated immediately and the waitress was very prompt in coming over to the table even though they were busy. Two of us started with the fresh tomatoes & buffalo mozzarella a which was delish and my husband had the bruschetta which was great as well. My neice and I both ordered two different pizzas and they were outstanding. For the prices in NYC Pizza Olio was a great find and the service was really good as well. We would definitely return, especially since it was then walkable to Magnolia Bakery! Yum.
We ordered a pizza and coffee as this was just kind of an afternoon pick-me-up. We could have had better coffee if we collected rain water outside! When we complained that we wanted a fresh coffee - the waiter totally disappeared - never to be seen again - until we flagged another waiter to get the check. Pizza was not up to NYC standards! One less place to try in the area!
...but this was one of those times.We had been wandering around Washington Square and the kids were hungry. Low-level tension was building. Let's find an Italian restaurant.We spotted Olio on a corner of something and something and it looked busy - which is usually a good sign. Wow! The pizzas were covered in a sauce that was obviously made from fresh tomatoes and topped with real mozzarella. The pollo al pesto was magnificent. Even the pasta bolognese was so good. All plates were cleaned.The place was very busy, but the service was excellent.Distressed tables and comfy antique-style chairs made for a great atmosphere.The only possible gripe would be with the limited restroom facilities.
Excellent food, very friendly and engaged Service by the whole Team, especially by Omor and Shalim.We enjoyed this evening to the utmost. Have seen hundreds of italian restaurants all over the world but will never forget „Olio e Piu“.
Never disappoint. I am happy with all of the food especially the pasta. Gjokee had been really helpful with the whole experience.
Had a memorable dinner experience with my friends. We both think the food and drinks are delicious. Would highly recommend Spaghetti Carbonara. It came out so flavorful. Also a special shoutout to Maria the waitress. She made the whole evening enjoyable and cozy on this cold winter night.
My wife and I decided to go out to dinner after work. I saw the great reviews for this place and we went. Impossible to sit inside w/o a reservation. But the outside shack was quite warm and quiet. The food was excellent and the waitstaff fantastic. Faith and Shaleem made the whole experience special.
I visited this place randomly last week and was blown away by the great time that I had. It takes up the entire corner on its street and has plenty of outdoor and indoor seating. There are so many outdoor seats, it will be perfect for spring and summertime.I pass by this place quite often and I always stare at it because the outside decor is just so cute; it’s chic and rustic at the same time.The interior is just as nice and the lighting is perfect. During my visit, I chose to sit at the bar and you don’t even realize you’re sitting at the bar because the stools are just so comfortable. There’s also a big mirror hanging on the wall so you get a great view of the rest of the restaurant. I ordered the Giardino cocktail and it was delicious, definitely recommend. The biggest star was my Caesar salad, they nailed it! Caesar salad is my favorite food and the one from here is now my top choice whenever I’m craving it next. I ordered mine with chicken and it was perfectly cooked with a tasty and slight char on it. Everyone around me ordered pasta so the pasta here must be great too. I will be trying one next time!On top of everything, the bartender this night was fantastic. His name was Jason and he was just so funny and attentive. He made everyone around the whole bar laugh. He literally talked to everyone and you don’t see much of this here in NYC.When you come here, definitely ask for Jason, order the Caesar, try every single cocktail and take home a pasta. I will be coming back to make sure I try everything on the menu.
Has dinner yesterday at 7;00 pm with my whole family and food was good2 lines of criticism in order you to improve: 3 different tables of 6 guests each (we were 5) were having dinner with our coats on…that might make you think…Last but not least, the amount of the food quantities of the dishes is clearly non sufficient…the milanese for 36 usd is a good example, good but too small
came across this restaurant by accident with my dad and my sister. Had the most amazing italian meal which was by far the one i enjoyed most during the whole holiday, not to mention the fantastic customer service. we were served by Victoria, such a lovely girl and fantastic worker who was super engaging and kept us entertained by telling us all about her trip to ireland where we’re from!! just like the food, was the best customer service we experienced during our time in new york :)
Great food, great service in the best part of town! We stopped in for an early supper and were so pleased with the whole experience. Reservations are a must.
The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, atmosphere was great. Can't wait to go back and work my way through the whole menu!
Victoriaaaaaaa slayed our whole night! She provided the friendliest service and was perfectly appropriately attentive. The food was EXCELLENT, actually beyond excellent! So flavorful, yummmm! We had outdoor seating and the atmosphere was phenomenal what with the view and vibes. Perfect for any occasion!
I have live around the area my whole life and I have never stop here before until my wife took me here on a date and the Food was amazing !!! And Suzana was very good with recommending the different types of pastas and salads they provided.
We booked Olio e Piu for the Saturday night of a long weekend in NYC and were delighted with the whole experience. The food was delicious and the service quick, efficient and friendly. We both had pasta dishes which were some of the best I’ve ever tasted, sadly we were too full for dessert. I would return and recommend 
Wow! The whole experience was great. Service, ambiance and food is amazing. Victoria made everything beyond expected. Bravo!Obrigado Victoria! 
This is my first review after leaving Lexington, MA, which I loved and miss, and settling in Toronto, ON (I assume everyone is aware this is in a different country :) ). All future reviews will focus on the great many restaurants and sights in Toronto, as well as any trips we take elsewhere, of course.We had taken a trip to New York City last winter (2018) after our international trip was miserably canceled due to an erroneous booking by a travel agent. We used to go to NYC at least once a year when we were in LexMA, and hope to continue this tradition from here in the wild north as well.We were in a hotel across the Hudson and right on it, which is a unique experience in itself, and one I will write about separately. And we were craving authentic Italian food, which we knew to be in plenty in NYC.I chose this particular one because of its unique name, as well as because of pictures of its interior, which seemed to have a Mediterranean feel to it. This is an extremely popular restaurant. We had to take a reservation rather late (around 9 PM).The experience started with the bread and immediately set our expectations high. We chose the Focaccia as an appetizer. It was delicious.For the main meal, we chose the Gnocchi, and the Linguini Nere Alla Sarda. My son's extreme passion is the culinary arts (he is still young), and he is extremely picky in his choices and can be sharply critical if the fare is not to his liking. Also, he adores Italian (I suspect, perhaps, that there is some fraction of Italian in his genes :) ). According to him the gnocchi was perfect, the way it should be.The linguini was blackened with squid ink, which was a new experience for me, I remember enjoying the dish, which has octopus, shrimp, arugula and chili flakes (every dish needs a little bit of chili flakes in my opinion :) ) very much.For dessert, we chose the torta de olio di oliva. It is an olive oil cake, if you can believe it, Simply heavenly.In the middle of the meal, the whole restaurant was shaking as if there was an earthquake. No one seemed bothered except me. Upon enquiring, it turns out that there is a subway right below. This added to the charm.My mouth was watering while writing this review. It is a restaurant I hope to return to this year, to taste some other of its delicious choices. And, by the way, Oilo e Piu means Oil and More. What a lovely name.
Thank you for the whole experience. Food and the service was great. Suzana waited on us was great. Also, the hostess from Montenegro was friendly and inviting. We would love to come back! 
Had the most amazing experience on our visit from australia at this restaurant. Followed on Instagram for a whole year in anticipation for great food. Service by Vitoria was fantastic. 2nd visit in 3 days due to the unforgettable taste. Highly recommended!!!
After reading a couple of reviews on Google, me and my family decided that we should definitely visit this Italian restaurant. Once we got there we were greeted by an attendant called Vitória, which helped us out during the whole time. Italian food is one of my passion and I have to say that the main dishes there are amazing. We started our dinner with a caprese salad and for the main dish I got the spaghetti carbonara (a classic). Both of them were delicious and tasty. The space here is great to have a good conversation, laugh and also eat good food. I definitely recommend it to the whole trip advisor community!! 💯
Me and my wife visited this restaurang for lunch. It was fantastic ! From the start with the waiter Kiril and then the whole experience. Food fantastic, bread to die for, great winelist, a large menu to choose from and then to finish it off - a Tiramisu from heaven ! All in all - a great italian ! Can really recommend !
The vibes are great, service is great, food was tasteful ! Victoria rocked it as our waitress. The whole table was happy.
OMG, I've been to NYC 30+ times and I can't believe that I just discovered this hidden gem in early December. Came across as a recommendation from one of my foodie friend, me and 2 others booked a table on a Sunday night. Upon arrival, the restaurant was pack. I was greeted by the hostess immediately and was seated within 5 mins. My server offered me a choice of sparkling or flat water. Since me and my friends had different taste we wanted both. The restaurant focus in bringing the charm of Umbria to NYC. Umbria is the only region in Italy that has no bordering countries, which also means that their Italian food is super authentic. We order the fritto misto (fried seafood), mussels and char-grilled octopus to start. The portions were huge but we finished everything in no time. Next up we had the lobster linguine arrabbiata. Simply the best pasta dish in my life as I love lobster (I think there was at least one whole lobster in it) and perfectly spicy. I almost cleaned the whole plate myself and didn't want to share. We then had the 36oz porterhouse to share. Not knowing it came with two FULL sides, we had another plate of garlic pasta and salad. I don't know how we killed everything at the end and ordered more desserts after but everything was delicious. Did I mentioned about the glass of Barolo wine I had? Paired heavenly with the steak. So yummy and can't wait to go back. Must try if you are visiting NYC.
Went here with my girlfriend because we wanted some gnocchi. Our waitress, Victoria, was fantastic and the food was amazing as well. We both ordered the gnocchi and it was delicious, came in a creamy pesto sauce. Speaking of coming in cream, my pants followed suit shortly after I tasted the bread and cheese. Prices are very reasonable as well and the lighting/ambiance of the whole restaurant is very romantic. Would definitely recommend to a friend and even an acquaintance if I wanted to escalate the relationship to something more than just a "hey how are you good how about you good" type thing. 
Our whole family has been here a few times and all of us love the place. Pasta seems to be one of the best in New York, always perfectly cooked. Porcini ravioli is simply amazing. The whole staff appears to be extremely nice, professional and, not the least, passionate about their work; our server was Victoria and we couldn't wish for better service. All in all, highly recommended if you like authentic Italian food, it is well worth the price. 
This place was amazing. I had the carbonara. My husband had the prosciutto pizza. I could tell he felt like he was eating something subpar but it was even better than the carbonara. It was literally the best pizza I’ve ever tried. The mojitos were amazing. Best drink I’ve ever had. Service was awesome. Nothing bad to say. This place was pure joy.
My mom and I were searching for a brunch spot and we stumbled upon this place. We walked in and were greeted by a wonderfully friendly staff. Our waitress Alessandra was a pure delight. She was more than accommodating and made sure that we were completely satisfied with every course. She even recommended a delicious wine for my mom who is very particular about her wine and she ended up loving it and wanting to know the name of it so she could order it in the future. It was such a pleasant experience from start to finish. We were taken care of so nicely and we will definitely come again and I would recommend this place to all my friends and family. Just make sure to ask for Alessandra she was prompt professional and very knowledgeable.
Best carbonara I’ve ever had. Everything is high quality and balanced, and the portions are perfect (though I could have eaten it all night). Not to be missed. Marijia was an amazing server!
Came here with dinner with my girlfriend. Awesome spot, food was great and their cocktails were delicious. Balanced and tasty. Maria was our server, she was really friendly and helped us with her food recommendations. We weren't sure what to pick but she suggested dishes me and gf both liked. Would recommend
My wife and I visited Olio e Piu on a Friday night at 8 o'clock together with another couple who were visiting us from Australia. The place was full and very very noisy. Everyone seemed to be shouting and we struggled to have a meaningful conversation.On the other hand, the service was prompt, friendly and the food was balanced and above average. We had an Italian sausage Pizza, a Carbonara pasta, a mushroom Risotto and an Endive Salad. All dishes were well presented and tasty. A special mention goes to Pramosia Chianti Red wine bottlevwe shared. A surprisingly rounded wine with a mellow tanin kick!In summary, I would not go to this restsurant if I wanted to ge able to have proper conversation with people accompanying me.
My friend flew in from Montreal for the week and I wanted to really show her that NYC has crazy-good food. We were walking by Greenwich village and really wanted prime Italian, Olio E Piu had a quick wait time despite being packed, we only waited about 5 minutes for a lovely table outside with flowers and cute lights surrounding us I ordered the Carbonara and oh my— it was divine! The pasta was prepared and cooked to perfection and the pork was salty, crispy, and full of flavor. The veal meatballs were packed with flavor, and my friend ordered the Nostranna Pizza, which was actually so light, but delicious. The texture of the dough complemented the texture of the prosciutto and was very well balanced. The tiramisu was TO DIE FOR. Overall it was a great experience, prices were pretty reasonable for NYC, and our hostess, Susanna was a delight!I definitely recommend if you’re in the village area!
We wandered through West Village and found this place by accident. It's got outdoor seating an a nice indoor space. The decor is eclectic and we enjoyed it. It was very busy the night we went but we were seated immediately and served in a timely fashion. The food was great - some of the best Italian we've had. The sauce was neither too acidic or too sweet - very well balanced. And the tiramisu was very good. We were not rushed and our meal was nicely paced. We enjoyed the ambiance, the food and it was a very pleasant evening.
We ordered the ricotta, salt and truffle oil bruschetta Yum! And then shared a pizza we selected the toppings for and a Caesar salad with prawns.The Caesar salad with prawns was the winner of the day, all balanced with a fantastic sauce. Sat outside in the sun and enjoyed a glass of bubbles too.
Great place to stop by.pleasant atmosphere.Nenad was great bartender, good quality cocktails , big choices.Organic food. Came for brunch, recomending Boucherie Burger.
My wife and I have an annual get together with another couple and we usually pick the restaurant. We were not disappointed. I had scallops to start, followed by sole meunière which was the day’s featured special. Wine list was extensive and reasonable. My wife and one of our friends had water buffalo which was a bit grisly (the nature of the beast, literally) but generally tender. For dessert a sorbet plate and tarte tatin were shared around. Noise level was moderate.
"Carpe diem, quam minimum credula postero"Seize the day, put very little trust in tomorrow- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)My pre-birthday 2019 is tomorrow which induces self-care and memorable celebration, but carpe diem everyday with cause. Delay gratification is extremely overdue. Power of one dinning alone will not sanction nor blockage my right to enjoying and living life. All I need is good quality food, drink and good customer service to color my world... and I will show you a genuine smile from within the heart. Immediately upon being seated at a table the Hispanic bus boy who emits very limited English skills, a L.E.P. person, gave me the rudest menacing scowl look and brusque for pretentious to imply why is a woman dinning alone and eating a steak. "Yeah, you want a steak? Huh? So, why are going to order a steak as a woman alone?" Intimidating maleficence dude. Are you a freak like me who frequently dine alone? This is such a negative energy exhibiting discrimination for women who dine alone. Is dinning alone a horrific crime? Too bad you cannot see the unseen for the abilities of women - see the woman that girl dinning alone could be. There is more than meets the eye, I see a bus boy with an empty soul who is unable to climb higher to further himself of a quality career. However, thankfully, my server Benal A. is knowledgeable of French cuisine and enable a good wine pairing with food which appears from his mannerism and speech he is of French ethnic background with etiquette and professionalism. This French bistro sits north of the peripheral areas of Union Square. The ambiance is average and loud from the chatter of patrons, despite no boisterously loud background music playing. Facilities are relatively clean and entrance is written in French "madame" for women and "messieurs" for men. Reservations are recommended as I booked my table via Yelp Reservations. Business card is available for grabs. Yelp mobile check-in offer is available. French baguette is provided with olives, red peppers and butter. I prefer olive oil and butter as condiments. The bill was paper clipped to Boucherie's postcard advertising 50% off all bottles of wine everyday AFTER 9 pm. The bottom of the bill embeds "suggested tip" of 18%, 20% and 22% ergo patrons do not have to calculate the arithmetic sequence.Steak Frites au Poivre $48Pat LaFrieda New York strip, four peppercorn cream sauce served with French friesThe meat was very tender and excessively juicy while the peppercorn cream sauce was a nice compliment. Since the meat was very tender it was very easy to cut into with the steak knife without applying excessive pressure. I requested my steak cooked temperature to be medium which contained excessive natural juices when cut. It was seasoned well with black peppercorn and salt. I prefer Hollandaise sauce for a authentic French approach. The French fries were a good portion size as a side dish without overpowering the lead role - the strip steak. I departed full and the steak ate my fill.Cabernet Sauvignon, Quilt Napa Valley (California) 2015, $24Medium body with a fruity nose and smooth finish as I smelled blackberry, and hazelnut. It was a delight and the intent to sipped slowly for prolong enjoyment. Disappointingly, there is NO Happy Hour available. This $24 price is for one measly glass of wine, yes baffling, this price is NOT per wine bottle.
A friend of mine told me about this place and we decided to check it out. First impressions were nice. Tall ceiling, lots of natural light, warm welcome by a hostess. We took a table by the window and ordered a few cocktails. To server's recommendation I ordered "Boucherie Old Fashioned" and loved it on the first sip! Tequila gives a beautiful touch to the drink, making it smooth and an easy drink. For my appetizer i had a stuffed quail. Being that I've never had quail before, I was surprised how tasty it is. Loved the touch of sweetness raisins give to the quail' s stuffing. For my main course I went with a classic - steak frites. It was cooked to perfection and I truly enjoyed it to the last bite. Desert time came and we decided to share a "Pistachio Bombe Glace". The semi-fredo covered with melted chocolate was an icing on a cake for our meal. Would definitely recommend and I'm looking forward to coming back to this place.
Came here for a date with my boyfriend and not only was the service great but the food was even better! I got the Branzino, the sauce and veggies were so tasty! He ordered the Ribeye! We'll definitely be coming back again for the spring/summer!
 Our trip to NYC was so memorable because of so many food places with different cuisines and one of the grandest was Boucherie! Huge ceiling, huge food menu options and huge wine list! The restaurant inspire you with their beautiful portraits on the walls and absinthe glass fountains on the bar station! Seating is very comfortable with burgundy color booths which are so French style!  Food was great, chose the beef cooked in red wine with veggies, Boucherie Burger with gruyere cheese and gratin potatoes! All very nicely arranged and came in a timely manner! Our waitress Catalina was very sweet and made us fell very welcomed!
My husband brought me here for my birthday and I totally enjoyed it! The beef cooked in red wine with veggies was a fantastic choice! Branzino looked great too, intense flavor from confit tomatoes and olives! Catalina was very friendly and put a candle on my cake!
Had the beef cooked in the red wine and veggies! Mmm what a yummu dish and what a size! Couldn’t finish it but I was extremely happy of my choice of getting it! My wife liked her rigatoni bolognese! Smelled appealing and also was a good portion! Catalina was very attentive and made our visit perfect! Will come back for sure!
Boucherie wears its name well. In French it also means butchery. The shameless copy of Keith McNally restaurants' decor such as Balthazar or Minetta Tavern lures you into thinking "Great, McNally opened in the neighborhood, we're good". Hell no. How can one screw up a burger in NYC. Overcooked with none of the usual adornments such as pickled veggies, red onions or a gherkin. Asking for one, the waiter came back with mayonnaise. For the same price, go to Balthazar or Minetta Lane or, across the street to Union Square Cafe, all of them impeccable. Avoid the butchery of "Boucherie". Quite ashamed to have brought friends there tonight.
Wonderful vegan burger, cheese platter and superb service! Beautiful restaurant. Will definitely return.
We had a wonderful evening at Boucherie, the food is soooo good. Ate with my husband and our 2 adult daughters ( one is vegetarian) and we all had great food, My husband had the Beef Bourginon which he said was the best meal he’s ever had! Everything was excellent, the food, service, atmosphere and drinks. If you’re looking for a special place to eat out during your trip you can’t go wrong here. Was expensive but worth it for a very special evening.
The steak was so good. I would definitely come back.Service is excellent. Server assistant was awesome, he never let my water glass level down. Friend (Sonam)of mine like butter and bread which was on the house. They should have kept little bit on vegetarian menus , beside that every thing was great. 
I came here with my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary, and the food and service was amazing! Once you walked in, you felt as if you were in Paris! Then the beautiful, happy hsotesses who greeted us were so sweet! They sat us as soon as we told them the names of our reservation in a nice corner booth. The server was very quick to greet us and recommeneded many plates since I am vegetarian. Then at the end they sent us a dessert with, "happy anniversary" and had a candle! Very sweet, and thoughful. I would definitely come back, the food was so great!
TripAdvisor listed #1 out of 10,756 restaurants in NYC with gluten free options so of course I reserved very early for our special Anniversary dinner. We arrived in fine dining attire to find a very crowded, very loud & very rushed restaurant. We asked and were moved to a less crowded, less noisy table but it was no different and we still could not talk to each other. No one seemed to know about gluten free options, steak was OK but not up tp expectations. Amazing food presentation...NOT, no social media pictures taken! Romantic dining experience...NOT. Expensive...YES. Anniversary was noted on our reservation so did we get any Anniversary wishes or dessert...NOT. This is a fast food restaurant with just OK food and in no way a fine dining, romantic experience!!! Am I ever returning...NO!!!
One of the best French Steakhouse restaurant you can find in the heart of NYC. The atmosphere is fantastic for any occasions, from business events, date night, or even a gathering of your friends and families.The hostess was kind enough to allow us to choose where we wanted to sit and choose to sit by the open area right by the sidewalk. The waitress was tentative and very helpful throughout the entire experience, including making decisions and recommending other items when I chose something on the menu that they were sold out on.For starters, we got Moules Mariniere which was their mussels dish and Steak Tartare. Both suitable to be shared around the table with your fellow guests. For entrees, we got the Pavé de Saumon au Beurre d'Aneth (grilled salmon dish essentially) which I loved, served with asparagus, and a pork/beef special that was not on the menu that I can't remember (I have a photo of it posted if you are interested. Maybe the waiter/waitress can identify it).Just when you thought I would be done eating, we got dessert as well. My favorite course of the meal, although sadly it comes when you're possibly stuffed and can't eat anymore. We got the Chocolate Mousse and Tarte Tatin. Great way to finish off the three course dinner. Both are very satisfying while not being overpowering in sweet. I liked how they put strawberries with the Mousse so it's not all dairy and sugar.Overall, great dining experience. The food will not be a disappointment, the hostess and waiting staff will take great care of you, and most importantly you will have a great time indulging on their culinary arts.Sidenote, their Franco Mexican War is highly recommended. Have to be of drinking age though.
I had an amazing experience today. It was my birthday and my friends and I came here for dinner, and we had a great time. Restaurant was clean and our server ALEX was amazing! Food was great, drink were great. Overall recommend.
Always the absolute BEST at boucherie. Wouldn’t change a single thing. All plates were completely wiped clean. Best service in the city 
We had a good dinner there but the place didn’t look so clean for the c19 standards.The place looks very nice with a beautiful Christmas tree inside.The food was good. Good wine list. Good meat. The receptionist lady was spending more time on her phone than looking after the service or the clients.A director should be hire to fix the service and the global team…
My friends and I had a wonderful meal. We had three different orders and all were brought on time. The place was very clean. We would go there again.
We loved the food, the service and the ambiance! Every thing was clean and all wearing masks. Food was wonderful. All four had something different and we each loved it.
Excellent Restaurant!!The food was amazing and great service.Very clean and warm to eat outside. Highly recommended.Steak was perfectly to term and a variety of wines!! Great!!
Excellent The food amazing Service great Very cleanWarm to eat outside Highly recommended Menu amazing
The food here was delicious and they did a great job with the outdoor dining during Covid! The service was quick and the waitstaff took great measures to keep it clean 
I had a pleasure of dining at their original spot in West Village about a year ago, now that they have a secondary location in Gramercy Park, we went to check it out.The inside was astonishingly beautiful, just like the Boucherie at the West Village, but different feel to it. The West Village location was more like an old Victorian French. Here, it was a bit more Gothic, with the arches that made me think of historic churches. It was quite large and they had lots of seating. We had a few cocktails, which were all high quality, elegant and strong. We enjoyed them all. For food, we had Raviolis aux Champignons, Pâtes aux Fruits de Mer for appetizer. They were both very tasty, well prepared and delicious! We savored every and each bite. The portion was pretty good too, more than enough to share. The mushroom ravioli was especially wonderful, it was so much better than I expected it to be. Then, we had Filet de Bœuf and Filet Mignon and Queue Homard. The steak was really good here, cooked just the way we wanted, and they were juicy, tender, packed with flavor. The sauce or the jus was really awesome, we devoured them with bread until the plates were shined off clean! We decided to end the wonderful meal with a dessert to share. We ordered Profiteroles. I was happy with the size of the dessert. It was much bigger than I thought, which was great.Our server was very nice and attentive, she took a good care of us. All the other staffs were nice too. The only thing was the second round of cocktails took a long while, but the server apologized for it and told us what was going on with that in timely manner. Overall, it was a wonderful dinner with warm and inviting atmosphere. We enjoyed everything that we ordered, both food and drinks. Their steak was packed flavor, and again, the sauce and jus was just amazing! I would love to go back again for more!
You would be absurd not to come check out this Boucherie location. It’s a cool scene, delicious food, and if you’re lucky, you will get Kenan as your server for the evening. Get the seafood tower. Such good value for the price compared to other NYC restaurants.
Very friendly staff, especially Liza! Highly recommend the braised beef and the crème brûlée. Great for locals and tourists alike!
Open until midnight and true, authentic French. Fine dining with epic service and attention to detail. I started with the Escargot that came out to bubbly perfection. They were so tender and the hint of lemon was amazing. I used the table bread (which I'm certain was fresh baked that day either in house or by a local vendor (didn't ask)) to scoop them out of their little holes and soak up the garlic lemon sauce they sat in. Next was the Cesar salad which had more lemon than I am accustomed and I'm completely here for it. After having their I'm definitely upping my lemon game on the one I serve. For my main course I have the mussels and pommes frites. I haven't had a good mussel since leaving California in 1999. There was a bit too much of the white wine sauce they come which I found to be wasteful. Each mussel was tender and nearly melted on the tongue, completely delicious. The pommes had an epic crunch that can be difficult to get with something so thin, I was thoroughly impressed. They were a bit too salty at the bottom of the bowl though and I'm not sure if I'd order them again. Being a Chef/Baker I definitely didn't want the creme brulee as I make it constantly and find it boring. I'm also not the biggest fan of chocolate, and do my best to not eat American chocolate. The waiter worked with me and suggested a poached pair in a spiced wine reduction with a side of ice cream, I happily agreed. The cinnamon in the wine shined and the warmth of it with the sweet of the pair danced on my tongue. The pear was fork tender so I cut it up into smaller pieces that could be scooped with the spoon to get ice cream there as well. The warmth of the wine and cinnamon, the sweet and warm pear with the cold ice cream was the perfect finish to an amazing meal. Each course came with a few minutes in between to allow the stomach to start it's job on the previous course. I left satiated but not full because I was given that time between courses. This meal was planned because it was close within walking distance of the show I had seen. I'm so glad I napped this out and found Boucherie, it's now added as a favorite in NYC for future trips. LOL glad I come yearly.
Amazing dinner after a night out in NYC! Recommend to any locals or visitors. Extensive wine selection and French dishes to drive the pallet bonkers
A day of travel and our first meal in NYC to start off a five day stay. My spouse had never been to visit and I lived here 25 years ago. Boucherie did not disappoint, ambience was very French. Table seatings were locals and visitors alike.Wait staff was that wonderful side of professionalism and efficient at their job. Our waiter was studying to better his life and doing it the best way, New Yorkers know how. By getting the education required, but working at jobs that allow them to live in such a great city while learning. Our meal was simple bistro and would have been perfect if the steak had been cooked properly. Although the steak was overcooked, they offered to replace and yet it wasn’t necessary and did not diminish our enjoyment for the entire experience. The reservation had been made with a notation for a special occasion. A beautiful signed book with story of the chef and a complimentary dessert shared, made a perfect touch to a beautiful evening. The bone-in chicken had my wife claiming it felt like Paris in the simplicity. My steak au poivre vert was just over cooked and would have been happily replaced. Because of the long travel day and my hunger, it wasn’t necessary. Just by offering to do the right thing was enough ... thank you 
This restaurants atmosphere, accompanied by fantastic cocktails, excellent knowledgeable, service/servers, and most importantly, AMAZING cuisine is every bit worth the visit. If you have the chance order the mussels, and beef bourguignon, it is OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Our server Gabriel was exceptional, kind and attentive. The manager Christelle was so helpful, and even made arrangements for us, after dinner to have cocktails and dance at a local hot spot. I absolutely cannot suggest this restaurant enough! And will return!
Had such a wonderful dinner here at boucherie! Service was attentive and efficient. Good for either a local dinner or for a birthday! Thanks Benal!
I work in the neighborhood and take my team here regularly for after work drinks. Beautiful, open space, friendly staff and great cocktails. Recommend for locals and travelers alike! Try the Lillet rose spritz.
Our last meal on this trip to NYC was sadly not a memorable one. The service was great, but the food just average. We ordered the Comte and Brie, French onion soup, chicken main dish, and pork tenderloin. The Comte was okay, I’ve had better from my local grocery store. The other food was average. If ever in Washington, D.C., go to Le Diplomate near Logan Circle.
We always enjoy this local restaurant and had a delicious lunch with family from Nebraska today, including the scrumptious profiteroles. Our server Katerina was delightful.
We visited for brunch. The atmosphere is so very French, it made us feel as we were in a Parisian bistro. Freshly baked baguette and croissants…flaky deliciousness! The eggs Benedict was fantastic and the service was attentive. Highly recommend
Boucherie Union Square is warm, inviting, and has a casual home feel. The food was delicious with options from land and sea. Their cocktails are fresh and creative with bursts of flavor. This wasn't our first time, but no time is ever like the last. Take a friend, a date, or yourself and make a culinary memory you won't ever forget. With love, KB
Delicious food and amazing service! We got our food quickly and it was delicious and fresh. Our server was Kenan and he was extremely nice, helpful and made us feel so welcome! We will definitely be back- best location in NYC 
Great service and great vibe! The staff was fantastic, food is always fresh, especially the seafood tower. Kenan was our server, kind and very accommodating! One of the best union square neighborhood spots. 
We had a lovely dinner. The oysters were very fresh and the steak frites was delicious. Our server, Gaudi, was knowledgeable about the wine menu and attentive to the needs of the table.
I have been to their Grand Central location first and foremost during the Winter and had a wonderful time. This time around, I visited their Union Square location for a weekend brunch and they had $17 for half a dozen oysters! With selections from both East and West Coast! They were super fresh! I paired with a pinot gris from Alsace and their specialty cocktail La Vie En Rose. Both were delicious! Their wide selection of classic French Bistro menu was great! I loved the duck confit and steak frites. And I found their portions generous. I was almost full off of the appetizers! PS: Don't miss the dessert and coffee! The chocolate tart was soooo rich in flavor! And the profiteroles with vanilla icecream and rich chocolate syrup hit the spot!
We loved Boucherie and we adored Mike! Everything was fantastic from cocktails to wine to the food. We ordered the seafood tower which was fresh and delicious. We split the salmon and mussels and loved both- especially dipping the bread in the broth from the mussels! Atmosphere was perfect for a date night- we will be back!
We had a great time celebrating the birthday of a friend. Our waiter Alessandro was efficient and super friendly. Very fresh delicious oysters, perfectly medium rare ribeye, and smiles all around. We will be back!!
I had a great dinner on a special and event full day, will definitely come back, drinks was amazing and the food so fresh great place to catch up with friends or date
We got the steak frites, mussels, mushroom ravioli, and duck leg. Duck was very tender, mussels were fresh. Superb service as well!
It was a very disappointing evening, Average at best and definitely did not live up to the reviews on TripAdvisor. We started with escargot and French onion soup, both of which were only average and the soup at Bobby Vans steakhouse in NYC was far superior. Entrée were duck confit leg and salmon papillote Looked quite appealing but were lacking in flavor. Even the vodka martinis were quite average. The only highlight was the fresh bread and the attentive bus boys. This restaurant is very noisy and charges fine dining prices, but with only average food and service. the hostess was surly at best. We skipped dessert assuming it would not be any better.
Celebrated my friend’s birthday at Boucherie. We started off with a delicious plate of stake tartar and steaming flavorful escargot. The steak was so fresh and tender - it literally melted in your month. I followed up by a plate duck confit. The duck was great - fatty and crunchy - on a bed of potatoes, mushrooms and a rich red wine sauce. The service was prompt and attentive and the whole experience was one to remember.
Just like coming home to my mom freshly made bread and tasting the crisp crust with the warm soft inside of the bread I think this place is a wonderful treasure. I love to walk in to get a baguette that is so soft it feels like a pillow....and the selections of jams and with butter I was back in Paris France again....its a nice venue area to walk through as well
This restaurant is a must-visit. From the food to the ambience, it's a perfect place for a true 'fancy' NYC dinner. Great for any special occasion or if you're visiting the city, it's a nice treat night for the vacay. All of the dishes are presented with such care, professionalism and detail. Everything is as impressive and beautiful as it is delicious. Don't skip the wagyu sausage - trust me. The butcher block is decadent as anything you'll ever have. You've never felt as special as you will as the entire restaurant watches the chef shave fresh truffles all over your food. The mussels, the steak tartare, the ratatouille. You really can't go wrong. Unless, of course, you don't go at all. 
Dinner was great and the ambience and service were awesome too - I had the salad, onion soup and the aubergine and everything tasted great. 
The food was great. We got appetizers and dinner. The mussels were too die for. We could not stop using the bread to sop up the sauce. The cocktails were also lovely. I had wine but my friends loved their blended juices. 
The service was outstanding. Our server was outstanding and knew what we wanted to order just based off of our recommendations. 
Phenomenal service! Friendly host and our server was amazing. Food was divine. Highly recommend if looking for a more upscale experience with friends, family, or anyone! 
Visited Boucherie with friends and was served but Diego who made our visit really special. We sat outside on a very cold day and the space was warm and inviting. 
Anais was super helpful, friendly, and responsive to our requests. We really enjoyed our late brunch at Boucherie thanks to her.
One of the best in NYC. Its so delicious. Perfect service. I would like to try again. You must to try it.
Awesome vibes, awesome service, awesome time! We had an amazing time at our client lunch at Boucherie. Diego was amazing - super attentive. Could not recommend more!
The food was lovely and our server Diego made my first time at the Boucherie amazing!!! 10000/10 would recommend! 
Diego is amazing, amazing food, amazing vibes. French onion and steak frites are a must. Espresso martinis are immaculate 
Where can I start! The scallops, steak, and French onion soup were to die for!! Diego was the best server and I can’t wait to come back!
Amazing vibes AND STAFF!!!! Especially Diego. Best server on earth!!!! Amazing food you really can’t go wrong but make sure to get the french onion soup
Valentin is super friendly and attentive! Every time we visit New York, we always make Boucherie a priority and it never disappoints!
This were our first time in the restaurant, the food was great and the service was perfect, Gaudi explain us any concern about the menu. I like the service and enjoy the food, I recommend the restaurant very much.
We had a wonderful early dinner on Saturday! Adrianne, our server was fantastic! The atmosphere was fun and lively a great spot for after theater dining.
Amazing vibe feels like in France. The food is also top notch but I will vote crème brûlée for my favorite!!! Soft and not too sweet texture and I’ve never eaten the whole but this one is different. Food is pricy but good for the overall experience. And Emily is a very accommodating host
Great date night vibes. Food was fantastic but my date was better.Service was excellent. Was seated immediately. The wine was great and enhanced the whole meal. The gold flecks on the chocolate tart is a must. Worth every dollar. 
Came here with my boyfriend for a lovely weekday dinner and was again blown away by the experience. This is our go to French date night spot. We enjoyed escargot, Cesar salad, and the lyonnaise salad to share followed by steak frites and the steak bavette. Everything was outstanding! Our server Alessandro made the whole night that much better with his impeccable, well timed service. Overall would recommend to anyone who loves great food and great service.
We just so happened to pop into the restaurant, never dining here before and we were pleasantly surprised with how delicious the food was and quick service. Our server Martha was super friendly and answered all our questions about the menu. The busser Jose from Venezuela was polite and made our whole dining experience much more enjoyable! 
We recently stopped at Boucherie to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The food was incredible- my husband had the beef bourguignon - which was one of the best things we’ve ever had...I had a beautiful dry aged steak. The frites are crisp, the mussels perfection, and a delicious pistachio bombe glacé to finish...with whole pistachios throughout. Our server was amazing , I forget his name but a gentleman from Macedonia, he was helpful (we were having a hard time choosing!), thoughtful and attentive. I couldn’t find one thing wrong with our experience...except we ate too much! It was irresistible!
We went to the Boucherie for dinner. The food was very good, the service was great and the place is really nice. It was a very hot and humid summer NYC day and almost the whole wall was open to the street (which is nice), yet it felt very comfortable in side. We are definitely going to be coming over again. 
My husband and I dined here last Thursday night. Looking for a quiet place to dine for a good steak dinner we thought this would be nice coming from out of town. Firstly, the tables are the smallest I have ever seen. If another couple were to dine next to us it would have been even worse because we were right next to them included in their conversation. Luckily it wasn't very busy other than the eight men next to us on the other side taking instagram pictures the whole time, camera flashes oh my! We ordered an appetizer which meant they had to pull another table next to us to accommodate the extra food. Our steaks were the most unflavored and dry. Neither of us finished them. The big mirrors were the best part of the experience that was about it.
Visited NYC this June and had the chance to eat in this restaurant! A very warm, enjoyable place with many dish choices! For apps we chose foie gras, octopus and duck salami from charcuterie! Main was big and reasonable for the given price because the quality was excellent! Catalina said to try their famous Truffle burger and their most delicious NY strip stake which came with salad! I would say best visit ever!In few wordsPURE JOY!
Went to the Boucherie at Union Square and had an amazing dinner. Started with the French onion soup which had well balanced flavors. Then had the roasted chicken for an entree which was very well prepared. The service by Tatiana and her team was excellent, they were very attentive to the needs of our table. I would recommend this restaurant to friends and family!
This time I had steak and eggs. It was perfectly balanced and tasty. If you’re really hungry after long night, this is a meal for you.
Was great! Sat at the bar and Ranko helped us choose cocktails. His drinks were well balanced, and delicious!
I'm not into writing reviews, but this great new spot deserved it!Shy from outside...but stepping inside, you are hit with a passion like in a french classic movie...vintage decor, "Charcuterie", impressive bar, mirrors in a wooden frame, vintage posters...Servers look and act confident...proud to be there, giving attention and proactive all the time.D'auvergne salad, ravioli, filet mignon, steak frites...perfectly cooked and balanced taste, pistacio bombe glacee at the end fulfill our excellent and unforgettable dining experience..Coming back for sure!
The host during lunch/brunch was sweet. Unlike another reviewer’s experience. Love their food!!! Took me right back to Paris. Hudson Valley Fois Gras was paired delightfully with the right amount of salad and slightly sweetened fruit paste. Unlike my frois gras that had poor pairing at Balthazar, hence, extremely happy at Boucherie’s. The grass fed Ribeye was perfectly cooked as requested — medium rare. Will 100% return. I wonderful experience for my first.
so delicious and health concious! filet mignon and aalmon were amazing!! tempurate taken before sitting. 
I visited La Grande Boucherie for breakfast before work with a friend. Visiting early was the move because we got to really appreciate how gorgeous the space is. The quiet of the emptier restaurant and the natural light flooding in made the space really shine. Despite the early hour, the staff was incredibly professional and the service was no different than at dinner--the staff are attentive and treat you very well. My friend and I started off with cappuccinos and almond croissants. Both were delicious and I would definitely come back for them. Just that portion of the meal with a friend in the stunning space was worth the trip. I got the avocado toast for my main. The eggs were well cooked and the side salad had a nice dressing to it. My friend got the eggs benedict and also liked her meal. We ended the meal with the mini madeleines which are topped with powered sugar. Having visited for both breakfast and dinner, I prefer the breakfast service. I'll note that I'm a vegetarian so there are more options for me at the breakfast service. I'd love to visit for brunch when the menu is even further expanded. I'm most likely to visit in the future for coffee and pastries in the morning, to try the brunch, or for drinks and an appetizer later in the day.
Birthday Brunch is a big deal so my husband found our spot 6.1/2 St new the Hard Rock Hotel…Adrian was especially gracious to host our table with the elegance deserved. Breakfast selection was top notch. At the end of our French experience, Adrian presented me with a signed hard copy book of the history of the restaurant and a beautiful dessert! I was speechless surprised of the genuine nature of our server and now friend …. Adrian. Thanks to the host, hostesses and staff for a perfect birthday brunch.🌈💕☺️
I made reservations several months before our trip to NYC for my husband's birthday. It's very close to Broadway shows which was perfect for us. The restaurant is very big and loud. They sat us at a very small table next to several couples and a big table in front of us. The big table with about 10 Millennials got very loud with lots of profanity about every other word. My husband and I could barely talk to each other. Not the restaurants fault. We ordered a nice bottle of wine and chateaubriand. Our server brought us a tomahawk steak and tried to get us to take it saying it was his fault he ordered wrong. We said "no". After that we never saw him again. We ended up having 2 more different servers. We felt like we were being punished for not taking the tomahawk. When we got out chateaubriand it was very good, cooked perfect with veggies. When we were almost finished eating, the big table left and they bused it including spraying the table with cleaner which got on us and most likely our food. You do not do that at this level of restaurant. Then at the end, I had to ask for dessert for my husband, even though I requested it when making the reservations. I thought they would bring it out. All in all, I would not go back. So many good restaurants in NYC. We were disappointed and I felt bad making the decision to go here for my husbands special day.
We chose the restaurant as the menu had something for both vegetarians and meat eaters. I had a delicious veggie burger which was one of the best I’ve ever had. Even had to get my partner to check it wasn’t meat! The service was great too. We were sat upstairs which was a bit quieter but the heat up there was unbearable. Not sure if there was something wrong with heating on the day we visited but it was so hot.Only other issue is that we had a reservation but still had to join a long queue on arrival and people in front of us without a reservation were seated first.
This restaurant (branch of a small group) occupies a covered atrium along what the City has designated "6 1/2 Avenue." It has the aura of outdoor dining, but is actually in a well-conditioned covered space with a high ceiling. There are more interior tables, but the restaurant has no front wall. I sat at a Hi-Top right where that wall might have been, because I walked-in during a Wednesday Matinee-day lunch. (Not a special menu, just meaning busy day.) In fact, they warned me that there was no Pre-Theater special price menu at lunch. I don't know if the dinner menu is larger or more expensive.I was surprised that the lunch menu wasn't longer. Besides burgers and steaks, and a lot of Brunch dishes (I mean omelettes and quiches), there was a veggie choice and the Salmon en papilotte that I chose. It was well-prepared, with leeks and fingerling potatoes that finished their cooking inside the papilotte with the fish. It was good. I asked my waiter to recommend a dessert, and he suggested Profiteroles. I asked him if they were made every day, and he said yes. They were good, but the vanilla ice cream inside them was not particularly "premium". The pastry was in good condition, but it was not as good a dish as the Salmon.I was happy with my relatively large lunch. But I don't think every Trip Advisor reader is ready to pay over $100 for an (admittedly, substantial in my case) lunch, in an informal seated restaurant. Here's my bill:Glass Viognier wine 18.00Glass Pinot Gris wine 19.00Salmon en Papillote 38.00Green Side Salad 12.00Profiteroles 14.00Decaf Drip Coffee 5.50------Subtotal 106.50tax 9.45Total Bill 115.95My 25% tip 26.00---Total $141.95
Literally feels like Paris in New York, from decor, food to crowd!Today we wanted to bring some friends with us to this magical place, with our server for the day Boyan who served us seamlessly we could’ve forgotten about snowstorm that blew city this weekend! Warm recommendations for:Croissants of course, Veggie burgers and of course french soup that felt like it has been made by once of those ancient recipes! We’ll definitely come back and with lil of luck enjoy magnificent service as we experienced today!Merci Boucherie!
The drinks are amazing and the atmosphere is très français. The Bey ond burger tastes like real meat. A vegan delight.
I recently met up with a good friend of mine for a lunch at La Grande Boucherie and it was so lovely! The ambiance was fantastic, the food was perfect, and the service was friendly and attentive. They had great options for a Pescatarian (me) and a Vegan (my friend). I will definitely be returning!
Celebrated my friends bday! It is such a nice location, simply stunning! I don’t eat meat but enjoyed the vegan burger with frites. Javier was also a super friendly waiter!!
Frequented La Grande Boucherie mostly for business and a handful of times with friends and family.I have to admit that my experience (food & service) have been very consistent, which is rare, especially given the constant changes within the hospitality business -- kudos to anyone in this industry!I mostly go with the escargots and steaks when I dine in...if you're vegan my feedback will probably fall on deaf ears -- sorry! Anyways, here is why, the escargots is one of my favorites. The flavor combination of butter & garlic is spot on and I highly recommend to soak up the butter with pieces of bread, just don't fill up on bread too much before you get to your main. The steaks (steak frites/entrecote) were properly prepared, good blend of spices, spot on temperature (can't be friends with anyone who eats steaks warmer than medium rare) and the fries came out nice and crispy. Portion sizes are fair to generous and the service pace from appetizers>main course>dessert are spot on.Speaking of service, their staff is friendly, attentive and did a pretty good job explaining the menu. In case you're a person which requires some guidance on what meal to try, don't hesitate to ask your server what most guests decide on for a tie breaker. Btw, if you're a wine aficionado, their sommelier and selection is pretty good.This place is definitely ideal for friends, family, date nights, and business.Simply put, "I'll be back!" (voice of Arnold Schwarzenegger)
La Grande Boucherie is my favorite solo dinner spot in Manhattan. With a rotating menu of Soup de Jour (always fantastic) and a robust French dessert menu, it’s no wonder they say the French know cuisine the best. Always ask what the soup of the day is. It’s made fresh! I really like the escargots but they have a great vegan burger if you must bring a vegan friend! Solo diners get treated with the same priority as large groups - love it. It’s a great place to dine alone or with friends. My favorite hostess is Martha and my favorite waiter is Izzettin - but all the servers at La Grande Boucherie are the best in the city. Tip* it gets busy so make a reservation a week ahead of time for a desired hour. The fresh mint tea is what you want instead of coffee. I always make sure to tip 25%. They deserve it !!!
I visited La Grande Boucherie with a friend on a Monday evening. Before you even enter the front door, you’re immediately struck by the beauty of the space. From the lighting to the plants to the outdoor tables, you’re immediately transported to a French cafe. This continues as you enter to see an expansive bar flanked by a raw bar. As I weaved through the space to be seated at my table, I was struck by the professionalism of the staff - holding the door, moving aside as I passed, pointing me in the right direction. This professionalism continued throughout the meal as our waiter offered many recommendations in line with the food and drink preferences I shared. I enjoyed the La Vie en Rose for my drink, which was sweet, delicious, and a beautiful deep pink. My appetizer was the Salude Mesclun, a mixed green salad with warm goat cheese and apple slices. I had the mushroom ravioli as my entree and the profiteroles, a pastry with vanilla ice cream drizzled with dark chocolate, for dessert. The dessert was the culinary highlight for me, particularly the quality of the dark chocolate. Overall the food was good but not the highlight of the experience. I appreciated that there were multiple entree options for me as a vegetarian. The menu prices are higher than I would expect for the food. As a result I am most likely to return in the future for drinks with an appetizer at the bar to enjoy the ambiance and quality of service. Thank you to the team at La Grande Boucherie for a lovely evening!
So we had a breakfast for four very recently , and were impressed upon entering from the street , as it is very open initially and has a European feel to it . Very stylish , bustling bistro . We were seated in the back corner , which was a bit tight . Next time , we would request to be seated more in the middle . Anyway , the baguettes that came out first were very good . I liked my Jambon with Gruyère on a baguette , which came with a nice grain mustard . Others enjoyed the vegetarian sandwich , the Croque Madam , and the Onion Soup . My iced coffee could have been colder , so that was disappointing . Service was very good , so if you are in the mood for an upscale breakfast / brunch it is a nice choice in midtown .
If you’re looking to be temporarily transported to Paris, then La Grande Boucherie in NYC is the restaurant for you! La Grande Boucherie serves traditional French cuisine and crafts their menu and dishes with the finest ingredients as they believe that food is a part of life and your days that should bring you joy.While Boucherie has several different locations across NYC, La Grande Boucherie in midtown is my favorite because, as you might expect from the name, it is quite grand! I am a huge enthusiast of all things concerning French culture and whenever I set foot into La Grande Boucherie, I feel transported to Paris during the turn of the 19th century. The artwork, lighting, and overall atmosphere feels very reminiscent of that of the era and is the perfect escape from the bustling surrounding Broadway area. You can choose to dine either outdoors or indoors which includes an upstairs dining option which I personally my favorite as it is much more intimate and quiet. All the staff are also incredibly generous and friendly and goes out of their way to ensure that you are having a wonderful time and that the food and beverage is meeting your wishes. La Grande Boucherie’s menu is rather extensive ensuring there is a dish for everyone! If you are looking to indulge in your meal or are celebrating a special occasion, I highly recommend trying their appetizers, entrees, and desserts as each array of dishes is unique. My favorite appetizers include the scallops, which is perfect if you’re looking for a more hearty and comforting dish, and tuna and citrus salad, if you want something more light and refreshing. Their selection and cuts of meat is also quite grand and the options are truly endless. They also serve fish and vegetarian dishes if you do not eat meat. The branzino is one of my personal favorites and comes with lots of vegetables and olives on the side for added flavor.In all honesty, however, the desserts have to be my favorite part! I have a huge sweet tooth and, despite being full after my previous courses, I always find room to finish every inch of their desserts. Their chocolate tart and profiteroles are my favorite dishes, however, if you do not want any overwhelming amount of chocolate they also have French classics like creme brulee and hazelnut and choux pastry for a slightly less decadent treat. I also highly recommend trying the La Vie en Rose cocktail if you choose to visit. It is very fruity and light and pairs beautifully with all their dishes. While La Grande Boucherie is on the more expensive side, it is truly worth the money in my opinion and makes for the perfect restaurant if you are looking to treat yourself and celebrate even just the small moments in life that bring you joy. 
We had such an amazing time. We sat in the atrium and had such an amazing time. The architecture was breathtaking and food was great too. Enough vegetarian options on the menu.
Had a lovely meal at this lovely venue with my family. We sat in the very picturesque outside seating area which was very comfortable even in the freezing January weather. The service and food was excellent. I can highly recommend the cod, salmon and the impossible vegetarian burger. The mocktails were delightful. It was very affordable yet high quality in lovely surroundings. A++
I have severe celiac disease and Arfan, our server was so attentive and helpful! I Nima tested my steak and it was gluten allergy. Thank you for your help, Arfan!
Our service was great ! Staff and our waiter Osman went above and beyond to accommodate any and all requests. Osman made sure that all my meals are prepared gluten free due to my dietary restriction. The whole experience was wonderful and we are definitely coming back.
My boyfriend and I frequent La Grande Boucherie whenever we’re in Manhattan. It’s so lovely in this restaurant, beautifully decorated, clean, and elegant. The food is always delicious, I highly recommend the Steak Frites, but you can’t go wrong with anything you get here. The waiters are always so attentive and kind. Tonight we were taken care of by Dorsi, and he was fantastic. Such a friendly face and lovely smile. He made sure we had everything we needed and then some. Always a great night at La Grande Boucherie! 
As usual great food and great ambiance. Attentive and knowledgeable staff. Clean and well organised. Good bathrooms. Nothing not to like... 
The service was great. They were able to get us in without a reservation. The inside dining area is so pretty! The shrimp cocktail is wonderful! The onion soup was wonderful. The steak frites is fine. A bit over priced for what it is. The beef bourguignon was fine, once again overpriced. The profiteroles were a wonderful dessert. Once again the service and setting are wonderful. The food… they either need to lower the price on some of the dishes or up the quality a tad. Having said that, I would eat there again. I would get onion soup and profiteroles. The place was clean. If you need accommodations for service devices (scooters, wheelchairs,…) you could easily get in and out if the main floor dining area. The air conditioning situation is ridiculous though. It’s in a building that has both ends open to the outside. There was no air movement and no ac that we could feel. So, if you are susceptible to heat you should go on a cool day.
This is the most delightfully situated open air restaurant in an atrium off W54th Street. It could hardly be better. The service sadly does not live up to the opportunity. It says freshly squeezed orange juice; it is not yet amazingly the waiter thinks it is! Ignorance or incompetence or the belief that the customer doesn’t matter and should simply be grateful…….Having arrived before it opened we were kindly asked to wait and they would bring us coffee……. Guess what…… no coffee, no feedback. At our table coffee arrived and them on putting it down the waiter slipped the coffee into the saucer….. it can happen no issue here but the reluctance of the waiter to clean the saver was disappointing…… he should have simply replaced the saucer….And so it goes on….. such a shame.Management at serious fault, I have little doubt the staff are simply working with the tools they have…….do I mean tools or management…… pun intended!!
La Grande Boucherie is one of my favorite restaurants, hands down. With all the restaurant options in NYC, I still find myself coming here time and time again! The steaks are some of my favorite steaks in the city, and the peppercorn sauce is second to none. On my last visit, I had the Filet au Poivre which was INCREDIBLE. I would have licked my plate clean if I could! The Steak Tartare is also delicious, and I love that it comes with a quail egg. A piece of advice? ALWAYS save room for dessert here! The Profiteroles may be their most popular dessert, and for good reason, but all of their desserts are out of this world delicious. My personal favorite is the chocolate caramel tart!Not only is the food delicious, but the atmosphere is incredible. The restaurant is almost an escape from Manhattan, even though it's right in the heart of midtown. The fresh flowers are stunning, and you can really tell the amount of detail and care that went into each piece of the restaurant's design. It's perfect for all occasions- date nights, celebratory dinners, family dinners, or a night out with friends. I can't recommend La Grande Boucherie enough, and I can't wait to come back again.. and again.. and again!
Let me start by saying Midtown is my least favorite spot to be in Manhattan. However when you have tickets to an amazing Broadway show Caroline or Change you make an exception. La Grande Boucherie is the perfect pre or post theatre meal. You feel like you are transported from the streets of NYC to Paris. The location is in an open delightful breezeway which made us feel safe dining during the covid surge. Restaurant and bar are visually stunning. Attentive service. My daughter and I both enjoyed our meals and will definitely be back for our next Broadway adventure. One thing that really stood out to me was the quality of the glassware. We enjoyed our meal and our time feeling like we were in Paris when travel to Paris is unavailable to us at the moment. Tables are a little too close together for my liking- only reason for not 5 stars. Bathrooms very clean and accessible which is a treat in the city. Would love to go back and have some oysters and Rose' at the gorgeous bar. Highly recommend!
Upon reaching the restaurant, we were immediately greeted with an amazing atmosphere and atrium. The service was on point starting from the hostess all the way to the person who cleans the table.Food was top of the line. We did not expect the escargot to be THAT flavorful and our dishes; the beef bourgonion and duck breast was fabulous. Will definitely be coming back!
Living in NY, I passed this place many times, and I always wanted to go here. So my boyfriend and I finally went and we such a LOVELY time here!! First of all, all the decors were cute and they get beautiful light during the day. We went for dinner and it was romantic. We ordered a lot of food and I loved Escargot(fresh), lamb chop, and black sesame Crème brûlée.It’s on the same block as MOMA too so it’s perfect for not only for locals but also for tourists. 
I’ve had a pleasure of dining at La Grande Boucherie with my husband this month and it was incredible. First of all, the restaurant is big, beautiful and very classy. During lunch it gets pretty loud but we felt comfortable at our table. Because of the location it has more of a business crowd rather than locals or families, I find it a good option for a special occasion celebration or a date. We were seated right away and started with refreshing non-alcoholic beverage. We tried beet salad and their famous onion soup. Both delicious. I found portions quite big. Of course, we had to try meat for main dish. Fillet Mignon was a whole experience - crispy on the outside and melting on the inside. If you’re a steak lover, I can’t recommend it enough. For dessert we tried vanilla ice cream, as well as crème brûlée and we were not disappointed. Waiters were very attentive and we left extremely satisfied.
As a French local, i was impressed by the quality of the food but also by the quality of the service. Alecta and Arbar were very nice to me during my the dinner. I recommend this place to everyone travelling or living in NY. 
It was such a delight having brunch at La Grande Boucherie on a Saturday! It was my first time there, and the first thing I noticed when I entered were the grand interiors—such a beautiful first impression!Ambiance & atmosphere plays such a big role when it comes to the overall dining experience, and this Boucherie location was definitely a very aesthetically pleasing restaurant (Perfect for those who love taking pics!!) I found that this place would be perfect for catching up with friends, family, a date, or even solo dining. My date & I had a great dining experience here! The servers were super friendly, attentive, and efficient—they brought out our orders per course and let us enjoy the food/take our time before serving the next dish. I also loved the fact that our server was so game to take my photos, and he had great shots! He knows his thing!Now for the food—all of the dishes that we had were delicious and full of flavor + presentation was lovely (definitely Instagrammable)!We started off with super fresh east coast & west coast oysters, followed by La Salade de Betteraves au Comte (roasted beet salad) & Les St Jacques Rôties (roasted scallops). I love myself some oysters & beet salad at the beginning of a meal, and what we had did not disappoint!Also. I normally don’t rave over roasted scallops, but I was impressed by the dish! It had interesting flavors and it was satisfying for an appetizer. It was one of those “Ok maybe i’ll give that dish a try and see if i like it” moments—so glad I did that!I had the Pavé de Saumon Aux Lentilles (pan seared salmon) for my main course, while my date had the Steak Frites. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the flavors were well-balanced—I thoroughly enjoyed it!We ended our meal on a sweet note with the Tarte Au Chocolat/Caramel and Boucherie Crème Brûlée. The Tarte was my favorite among the two—it was super creamy, decadent, and the chocolate used was top quality. The creme brulee was also excellent, with a mild sweetness, which is perfect for those who prefer less sweet desserts. We also had a pleasant surprise when our server gave us complimentary dessert champagne!For dessert, we tried the Tarte Au Chocolat/Caramel & Boucherie Crème Brûlée! The Tarte was my favorite among the two—it was super creamy and decadent. I always love having some sort of chocolate flavored dessert after meals, so this one hit the spot! The creme brulee was great as well—I’d say this one was more mild in terms of sweetness, so it’s perfect for those who don’t want desserts that are too sweet. Our server also gave us complimentary dessert champagne while, which was extremely nice! I also tried the La Vie En Rose cocktail (Absolut Vodka, Giffard Lychee, Cranberry Purée, Lemon, Brut Sparkling)—really loved this, it’s the perf cocktail for day drinking!I’d have to say that dining here was nothing short of extraordinary. We felt so spoiled and it was really such a lovely time having our brunch date there! I’d definitely reco this place to everyone—both locals and tourists. This is what I feel is one of those NYC must-visit restaurants!
Very friendly and efficient service. Great space that feels like you're "outdoors" & is sufficiently heated to be quite comfortable even on a cold February night. A little pricey for French bistro-type food but everything else about Grande Boucherie makes it more than worthwhile - even for locals!
My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful night out at La Grande Boucherie. He had the 18 oz Dry-Aged Bone-In NY Strip and was in Heaven as it was perfectly cooked. I had the local striped bass and it was super tasty. For appetizers, we had the scallops, the gazpacho, and oysters. All were excellent as were the desserts; the Crème Brulee and the Paris-Brest. For drinks we had the barrel-aged Manhattan, the Le Diable, and a Martini. Each drink was terrific. Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait to return. This review is making me hungry. :)
Phenomenal food & even more phenomenal service from Ozzy. Made me feel like a local :)Steak Frites is my go to here.
It probably almost lived up to the hype. Over-crowded. The server we had was very attentive and good fun. As for the steak, we get just as good, if not slightly better, at our local butcher.
This place is perfect for any occasion if you’re looking for a high end authentic French experience. Be sure to make reservations as this place can get packed! (Which is a sign that the food is delicious). We started off with salmon and escargot for apps that were prepared perfectly tasty. Then went for the lamb and sea bass which was cooked to perfection (see photos) I highly recommend!We tried this absinthe cocktails in particular that are amazing if you enjoy strong drinks, L’etranger was my favorite. We ended with crème brûlée and Paris-brest.La Grande is definitely worth the visit in your in NCC or a local for a top notch dining experience
It was my 9th times in NYC. And it’s always hard to find a beautiful place with amazing food and great service. This place is a perfect spot in the heart of Big City. The food was great. You definitely have to try steak tartar, oysters, steak filet and desserts. I had so much food and I finished it (usually I eat just half of my order). My friend and I had wonderful time there. Also I’m in love with their Christmas decorations and atmosphere. Our service was great, recommended us drinks, food and was really nice and fast. So if you are in NYC or you are local THIS PLACE MUST FOR VISIT! I Will definitely come back next spring and winter ☺️
It was our first time visiting NYC and we decided to eat here after we attended our Broadway show this past Sunday. Angela was our server and WOW, was she amazing!!! She provided recommendations for the food (French onion soup, mussels, and the awesome mushroom ravioli!) as well as local places to visit while we were here. Super friendly, great food, efficient service! We’ll definitely be back to visit and eat at La Grande Boucherie soon, and we will definitely ask for Angela again!!
I went to this restaurant with my daughter to have a good mother daughter time and enjoy a good food. It was our first time at this place. At first we were not welcomed nicely and warm and offered to sit at the bar even though they had so many tables available! Then we were seated at a tiny table where there were many other tables available. And sadly some other 2 people were seated at a 4 people table! After waiting for a long time we had to ask butter and bread which normally is served without asking! And wish we didn’t. The bread was super cold and I don’t know even it was fresh!Then we wanted to try the Wagu burger well done cooked! It was served pretty dry but inside was all red! And we didn’t complain and tried to enjoy but honestly the whole burger was one of the average below burger I had in my life! My daughter agreed with me and we love burgers but not this one. Especially for the price you pay! It was supposed to come with caramelized onions but I didn’t have any! Neither my daughter! It is very over priced for the quality!!!! We are not going back there for sure! Our server was nice. I gave a star for him.
Although was a bit of a wait standing in the bar for the table (with reservations), we were seated in a lovely corner table. I had noted it was our anniversary when I made the reservation, and we were treated to a beautiful book about the restaurant and its history. We both had the FILET MIGNON «AU POIVRE» (Pepper crusted beef tenderloin, mashed potatoes and green peppercorn cream sauce) with a side of mixed vegetables. Excellent! For dessert, we had MINI MADELEINES (Citrus and praline madeleines freshly baked) and coffee. Delicious! I highly recommend this beautiful restaurant.
Rodrigo was our server and he was very nice and humorous. My family is visiting New York and we had a great time here. The food was amazing, especially the oysters that were very fresh and delicious.
I like the dessert and red wine here very much🥰I want to visit there again, and the steak there is very fresh and tender. I suggest those who like French food go to this restaurant.
We stopped in for an early dinner and drinks. It did not disappoint! The steak frites were done to perfection. Their French onion soup is the best I’ve had in the city. It’s the perfect cheese for it! Rodrigo recommended the madeleines for dessert and they were fresh and delightful. 
This is a typical upscale French restaurant at New York's most expensive area. La Grande Boucherie is a large place so walk-ins are usually possible. Vibe is relaxing without strict dress code. Food comes as refined and delicate as expected. Scallops are large and full of umami. Clams are fresh. Tomahawk steak is simply satisfying with decadent bone marrow and nice sauces (peppercorn my favorite). Mac and cheese is rich and hearty. Sesame creme brulee comes as the greatest surprise. Service is nice and price well worth it.
Came here to celebrate a birthday. Namik was a great server the entire night. The food was amazing, the filet mignon was perfect, oysters were fresh, and drinks were on point. Must try
Excellent service by Jorge Garcia. The food was divine - the bread was fresh out of the oven. The atmosphere was belle epoque. We had a lovely, lovely time. 
A must go to always. My partner & I absolutely loved our dinner. We always appreciate how detailed and attentive the servers are as well. We enjoyed a couple of dishes and delicious/so fresh!! Let’s not forget about their onion soup, I adore it, the best ever. We can’t wait to return. 
I greatly enjoyed being transported to a Parisian restau For the evening. The drinks completed the fresh delicacy of each course. I highly recommend enjoying a meal here. What pushed me over the edge was the rich flavors that were the sorbet; both pastachio and passion fruit left my mouth fresh after such a savory sensory experience. 
Had an amazing time. The tartare was incredible, oysters were fresh and delicious. The food was delicious but the service is what made it for us. I would definitely come back, and request Namik who gave us an unforgettable night. 
The service was prompt and attentive. Our server ensured we had everything we needed and made excellent recommendations. The food was fresh and flavorful. We got the filet mignon and swordfish which were cooked to perfection. 
This beautiful French brasserie is the perfect spot for a date night, family dinner, bday dinner, or group meal! The spacious restaurant with 2 levels have bar seating, oyster bar seating, an intimate dining area, and “outdoor” options.Don’t even get me started on the food. They bring out fresh, warm baguette bread with butter to start. I used it to dip everything that I ordered thereafter 😝. Did I mention that the BEST escargots I’ve had in the city was here? It is a must order. I also loved the swordfish and filet mignon (delicious peppercorn sauce). Finally, for dessert, get the PROFITEROLES! It is a flakey pastry stuffed with ice cream and generously drizzled with chocolate sauce. Heaven in my mouth. I will surely be back, and I would also like to check out the sibling restaurants (petit Boucherie). 
My father and his girlfriend took me here to celebrate my birthday. We were struck immediately by the stained glass ceiling and French ambiance of the venue. Our server, Namik, is a legend. Not only is he attentive, smart and constantly moving with elegance to check his n his surroundings, but he goes above and beyond to make sure you feel special. He brought me a gift of the restaurant’s hard bound book! The food was delicious and we over ate, absolutely. We couldn’t stop! The seafood tower was so fresh with flavorful side sauces. The filet mignon melted in my mouth and while the veal chop looked like it was cut from a brontosaurus, my father couldn’t resist finishing it. We didn’t really have room for dessert but managed some pistachio ice cream that was so good we gobbled it up. Thank you Namik and Le Grande Boucherie for your wonderful service, hospitality and elegance. I look forward to seeing you again soon! 
La Grande Boucherie is the perfect spot with tons of seating so you can almost always grab a table for food or drinks. I had a nice evening in after work with my server Nilton who recommended some great sparkling wines by the glass for me. Make sure you get the oysters too, always super fresh !
One of the best places in NYWe love french cusine and this place masters it .We will definitely come back.Our service was absolutely amazing.
Friendly fantastic professional food was great, we come back! Französische Küche, in Perfektion. Wonderfull 
Il cibo molto buono, non eccellente ma diciamo sopra la media per i ristoranti di NY, sarà che erano i giorni di Natale ma era pieno fino all’inverosimile.Personale gentilissimo e conto nella media.Ci tornerei soprattutto per lo charme del posto
The food was absolutely delicious. Loved the lamb stew. Dessert was fire. And our waiter Izzettin was excellent. Great service, friendly, quick. Highly recommend! 
Had a great meal with great food and great service. Zaungnam made the night very enjoyable with his friendly service!
Fabio was my host, he did a great job! And the drinks he makes was really good. We definitely come back . 
The steak was to die for, Fabio was very attentive to my family and I. Love the service and the environment.
Incredible place to visit. Our waiter Fabio went above and beyond to ensure we enjoyed our dining experience!
The place is very gorgeous and very central. We were a group of three and although the restaurant was half empty we were given a very small table. The food was highly disappointing. We order two steak fries and the meat quality was nothing special for the price. I wouldn’t recommend such highly expensive restaurant even if you are looking for a good French cuisine experience.
Das Ambiente ist sehr schön. Mit Drago hatten wir einen tollen Kellner, der sich um uns gekümmert hat.Essen war spitze und ist jede Bewertung gerechtfertigt. Werden am 1 Januar nochmal kommen.
The perfect late lunch spot as we NY’ers know Go at 4-4:30 to avoid crowds. My go to is French Dip & Kronenbourg. 1664And then the Tqrte du Chocolat… and another KronenbourgI hope you love it here at much as I do.
Food is French Bistro 100%, great service, perfect atmosphere. Food was exactly as you would expect any French food SHOULD taste like. Classic dishes, very good choice of beverages- easy wine list and priced accordingly. Next NYC trip we will be back! Highly recommend for any meal of day
Was a bit of a disaster for us and probably most guests. Our booking was for 5pm Xmas Day, but we had to queue and didn't get seated until gone 5:30pm. No real apology given (which would have went along way) or even some simple communication to explain what was going on etc. After waiting over 30 minutes, they initially tried to sit us at a tiny high table. We eventually then got moved to a table upstairs after explaining that we booked a table months ago. Service was very slow and although I felt for the waiters, to wait a further 30 minutes to place a food order and drinks was not acceptable, especially given the prices. We finally got our drinks at 6:30pm. We spent in total 2 hours 40 minutes and got a starter, main and bottle of wine. Not great when you're wanting a Christmas Day experience. What we saved on desert and a tip went on extra drinks/cocktails at our hotel bar! I've given 2 stars as our food was nice and we still tried to made the most of it. 
Amazing place. Nice ambience. Excellent food. Nice egg plates. Lobster soup is top. Strongly recomended. Top. We strongly recomend
Pre booked but still had to wait in lineSat upstairs which was great imagine it could be quite cool in the external ( covered) passagewayFood fantasticWine expensiveStaff generally brillIt was Christmas Eve so mad, mad busy which could explain the few errorsIf I'm here again I'd go again
Réservation faite dans l'idée de passer le réveillon de Noël dans un endroit sympa avec un bon repas. Grosse déception.1/ j'avais pourtant réservé => on nous a demandé de faire la queue 2/ on nous a indiqué que nous avions 1h20 pour manger (j'avais envie de leur dire que cela ne dépendrait pas de nous mais du service)3/ nous nous sommes retrouvés à l'étage du restaurant, entassés (je pèse mes mots) sur une mezzanine sur laquelle il faisait tellement chaud que les serveurs avaient mis en marche une clim portable pour rafraîchir les lieux (bonjour le bilan carbone ! 😊)4/ le serveur a été très courtois et pour le coup très efficace (c'est presque là le seul point positif du diner).... ce qui nous a permis de nous débarrasser de notre repas et de vite partir tant il faisait chaud et le lieu était bruyant (ce matin nous nous sommes réveillés avec encore des maux de tête)5/ nourriture à peu près correcte (à regarder de plus près trip advisor, ce sont surtout les personnes de nationalité autre que française qui contribuent à l'excellente note)6/ pas sûrs d'avoir bu le vin commandé puisqu'il nous a été servi avec un pichet et directement versé dans nos verres sans aucune précaution pour le breuvage dont on aurait aimé qu'il soit manié avec respect vu le prix du verre !Bref, nous ne recommandons pas ce restaurant. Déçus de notre réveillon de Noël 
We had such an amazing anniversary dinner here! Osky was our server and he went above and beyond in making it such a great experience and gave us the best recommendations. The food, drinks and atmosphere were amazing. We are so happy we decided on this spot and decided it will be our anniversary spot for years to come!!
We had to wait to get in after having reservations. But osky was so good that we forgot that we had to wait. The food was amazing and osky was the best.
We dined here with Alecta during december and the decorations and interior fit the seasonal vibes so well. Our entrees were delicious and our server was very nice. This spot is a wonderful place for a cozy get together with friends 
We came without a reservation and were seated right away. Immediately we were seated and the waitress Alecta was very kind and took care of us. Throughout the night she, along another’s checked how our food was. The scallops were very well done and a Perfect serving size. The atmosphere was inviting and warm and I would recommend this place.
Ambiance is great… food not so much… specially for the price. We got there and everybody was very nice and friendly. Waiter was really nice and mimosas as starters was a good sign. We order prosciutto as starter, it was a little bit thicker for prosciutto but really tasty. For lunch we ordered the steak frites (brunch menu) and pappardelle. The meat in the pasta was amazing, really kudos to the chef, but the steak was very dry, a little bit overcooked and a real disappointment for a brasserie. Dessert and coffee were really good.
My husband and I do an annual NYC trip each December to see the Christmas lights and have a nice dinner. This year we went to La Grande Boucherie for dinner. It was quite busy as we went on the Friday before Christmas, there was even a line for those who made reservations, but it passed fast. The food was a little pricey but for the location, ambience and quality I felt it was worth it. We got the French onion soup which was delicious with gooey Gruyère cheese that was perfectly melted. The steak frite and duck were also cooked perfectly and melted in our mouth. Our server Alexnam made the dinner perfect. He was so friendly and constantly checked on us throughout the night.
Great ambience. Wonderful food. Great service. Alexnam was fantastic and entertained our 6 yo member of the table. Will def be back!
Great service and delicious food! Our server Rodrigo was excellent. We had the best girls lunch for our day trip.
Dinner was sooo delicious! Alecta, our server, was wonderful. Got the french onion soup, the roasted scallops, and the peppercorn crusted filet mignon. 10/10 would recc. also, bonus points for the wonderful ambiance.
Amazing food and great wine, the Steak Tartare was fantastic! Jose was a great host and I can't wait to return!
The atmosphere of this dinner spot makes for a great night out! I had the steak and fries and it was so good! Would definitely recommend coming here if you have the chance! Thank you to our server Alecta for all of your help!
My friend and I were in the City for a few days and heard all the rave about La grande boucherie. Definitely lives up to the hype. Alecta was our server and she catered to our every need!
This was the best restaurant I’ve ever been in. Great service and such a beautiful restaurant and I would definitely be coming back. Alecta was my server and she was nothing but amazing and sweet.
Loved it! Escargot was the best I’ve had!Streak tartar also highly recommended!Would come again for sure
Great service! The server was accommodating and his recommendations were spot on. The food was magnificent! 
Onur was an amazing server. Amazing food, and great service. Beautiful restaurant as well. This place is a must!!
Orun was an amazing server. Spectacular food, beautiful views, coming back 100 percent. Beautiful!!!
Amazing food amazing experience amazing service 20 out of 10. From appetizers to main course very delicious 
We had a great experience for a dinner out. Alex and the rest of the staff were very attentive. The steak frites were amazing. 
This was our first time dining here. We had such an amazing dining experience. Our waiter Alex Nahmik and his colleague Bradley were absolutely amazing. Very attentive and nice! The food was delicious and the dessert was to die for. The creme Brulee is a must!!! If you are in the city this is a must try! Thank you for such an amazing dining experience.
Fabio is the best! Really knowledgable and gives great wine recs! Had a great experience and would recommend anyone looking for a fun and laid back spot to give it a try
The bar was stunning. Fabio gave us several wines to try, all were delicious. Great service, a beautiful atmosphere and wonderful service from Fabio!
Such a beautiful spot! Came to have a drink with a friend - the atmosphere was great and the service phenomenal. Fabio at the bar was so kind, and made our night even better. Would 10/10 reccomend! 
We were so grateful to get a reservation! Our server, Alecta, was remarkable. She was attentive, personable snd very prompt despite the intense crush of customers on a busy Sunday morning a week before Christmas. The food was delicious!! And both non alcoholic drinks are worth the splurge.
Exquisite brunch dining for causal or a dressy occasion, Alexnam was attentive and did not rush us. I felt well taken care of and a terrific ambience. Highly recommend!
Wonderful food. Wonderful wine selection. Wonderful service. Wonderful vibes. Wonderful company. I would highly recommend this wonderful restaurant. 
La Grande Boucherie is highly recommended for a reason! Amazing atmosphere and amazing staff (we were lucky enough to have Onur & Brittni take care of us this evening). Food was impeccable, I cannot recommend enough the mussels & the duck!! Great way to finish a day in NYC. 
Could not recommend this place more. Our server Onur made our experience one to remember. Will definitely come back just for him. 
Onur was the most attentive and gracious server. He was funny, knowledgeable, and quite the charmer!
We sat at the bar with Sean for lunch and absolutely loved him. My husband and I are from Utah and admittedly don’t know a whole lot about French cuisine or get out all that often but Sean made the experience so much more enjoyable. The food was deliciously paired with glasses of wine per Sean’s recommendations. The perfect way to begin our NYC weekend!
We had Dorjay as our waiter and he was super attentive to us the whole night. Excellent service that paired well with the amazing food!
Amazing service by Namik and the whole team at Le Grande Boucherie!Food was amazing for our fifth wedding anniversary. We can’t say enough about this restaurant!
Excellent quality food. Excellent service - thanks to our waiter Dorji and the whole team. Only challenge is noise level. But will definitely recommend and go again.
Delicious food. Alecta, our waitress, was very polite a kind during the whole of our dinner. She made the experience even much better. We’ll be back!
Food was good and atmosphere was very nice. Server Alecta was fantastic and service was very good throughout the whole meal. 
It was outstanding! It was my first time at la grand Boucherie and I loved it! Nathália was great! She took care of us; she was always around making sure that all our needs were covered. The food came on time and so flavorful! The bacon was so crispy and dry (not oily at all! I need to know how you guys make it!!) the stake came with the temporary that I asked (medium rare) and it came just on point. Very juice, delicious seasoning and in a decent size. The burger was delicious tasty. The fries was so crispy and so yummy! The croque madam was a surprise because I’ve never had it before and I have to tell you all.. you guys have to go to Boucherie to try it there.. it was delicious! Super well balanced and succulent! We enjoyed everything very much. I have to said that the management are doing a brilliant job with the whole team. Alex Gerea made us feel very welcome! Thank you Alex and thanks to your whole team! We appreciate all the service and hospitality! I can’t wait to go back! I do recommend this place 100%! ❤️
Aside from the amazing service (since we walked into the restaurant until we left), the attention to detail and beautiful location, La Grande Boucherie is exceptional for great food and cocktails! I'm extremely picky when it comes to restaurants and would definitely give 100/10! The Filet Mignon was magnificent! Perfectly cooked and good flavor! To start we had the Soupe a L'oignon, one of the best soups I've ever had along with the escargots (Chef's kiss) I also had the Australian ribeye with salad and for dessert (my favorite) the creme brûlée and the profiteroles! Pure perfection overall! Our waiter was very attentive and was able to explain the whole menu, very knowledgeable, on point with suggestions and very professional! The best espresso martini there is in NYC is at this restaurant, trust meee! Would definitely recommend to start with la Vie En Rose for cocktails! My top choice! Can't wait to go back!
WOW!Honestly, I've walked past this restaurant so many times and have always been so drawn into how beautiful the space is but I've never had the chance to actually go inside until recently dining there a couple of nights ago.First of all, I was a little apprehensive about the possibility of noise as I was going there on a date and I know the acoustics are great (a little too great), but when seated inside (didn't even know there was an inside) it was the perfect spot for a romantic date night.We started with a couple of cocktails, my personal favorite being the Mayan Punch, a great tequila cocktail with a wedge of burnt pineapple inside, consider me sold. For appetizers we shared the octopus and the mussels and as someone who can be a little particular when it comes to mussels I gotta say, these were great. Like, dip my bread in the broth after the mussels were gone great.For entrees we shared the Filet with Truffle Butter (YUM) and the Lamb which was my favorite of the whole meal. The lamb was cooked perfect and with a little potato gratin square on the side and some swisschard it was honestly a perfect plate.We couldn't decide between two desserts, so naturally we ended up with three. Sampling the poached pear, the chocolate tart and the pistachio raspberry pastry, I gotta go with the latter of the bunch. I'm not really a huge pistachio fan but the dessert was so yummy I definitely had more than my fair share.All in all the food was great, service was spectacular (our water glasses never went empty and everyone was so incredibly kind and accommodating) and the cocktails were a hit. 10/10 definitely recommend to a friend!
I frequent La Grande Boucherie for dinner and am happy that they now have a new breakfast menu! While I would recommend their dinner for a special occasion, I would recommend their breakfast for a casual friend hangout. Now that it’s getting chillier I appreciate the fact that La Grande Boucherie has a heated outdoor area, too. The whole place is so beautiful and I always have an amazing time here— the food and service has never let me down.
On Wednesday 19th October 2022, my wife and I had the absolute pleasure of dining at this restaurant on 53rd Street.It was a special celebration meal for my wife, who recently had enjoyed a very special birthday. Coupled with the fact she had never visited the US before, let alone New York, I had hoped our meal in this restaurant would be a memorable one, given it was also our last night in NYC, before flying home to the UK the next day.Well, they didn’t disappoint.The whole experience from start to finish was absolutely perfect. Our only regret was not being able to spend longer with them, as we had booked tickets to a play that night also.The food was outstanding, the ambience was delightful, the service we received from everyone was simply perfect, though we’d like to say a very special and heartfelt ‘thank you’ to xxx who was our main waitress that night. She was a joy to get to know, even in such a small way. We would like to recommend this wonderful restaurant to anyone and everyone.
The ambiance is amazing and food was OK, but overpriced for the whole experience. Having said that, it is a good alternative for a meal before a Broadway show over some of the tourist traps of the region.
I’ve been there once and the whole experience was amazing. I went with friends and we all loved the food
Fantastic ambiance, an oasis in Midtown. The food was stellar, and the whole experience was memorable. I will be coming back. Our server Jose C did a fantastic job of making my birthday memorable. He went the extra mile.
French gastronomy is famous worldwide for its fine cuisine, with fancy preparations and dishes such as foie gras, scallops, classic mussels, etc. La Grande Boucherie the interior elements at the location, namely the lady statue, the letter "B" on the floor, the decorative elements on the furniture, and the Belle Epoque posters, are a pure masterpiece; it is a location to visit during NYFW, and any other time of the year.
Very rarely do I find a restaurant that has it all and satisfies the palettes of my whole family ( specially my kids ) From cocktails to dessert we enjoyed everything in pure delight. Not only is the staff caring and attentive but the ambiance is a dream. Can’t wait to return with more friends and family.
I loved the sensual ambiance and thought the service was impeccable. Our server Alecta was wonderful, attentive and friendly without making us feel rushed at all. The food was delicious traditional French comfort food/home style cooking, with rich and balanced flavors, although I found the Easter lamb stew a touch dry. The leek soup du jour was phenomenal.
I had never heard of Club A but stayed nearby at the Courtyard on 3rd Ave. and decided to check it out as a possible location for a nice family meal with our 3 kids (aged 15, 11, 8). I called the restaurant to ensure it was acceptable to bring the children, they assured me it was and were true to their word. This is a beautiful restaurant in a quiet though easily accessible location. On a Friday night it was full but they honored my reservation and had a great table ready for us. I was impressed by the atmosphere - lately I keep noticing that upscale restaurants especially popular ones can be both too dark and especially too noisy, but Club A was perfectly lit and very comfortable for conversation even though we were seated directly by the live musicians. This was a delightful surprise and the music turned out to be a nice enhancement.We ordered a mix of dishes: onion soup, seafood appetizer platter (crab, shrimp, lobster), T-bone special plus mixed grill for two, organic chicken, and sides of garlic herb fries, asparagus and broccoli. Portions were generous and everything was excellent. We especially enjoyed the seafood (amazing crab meat!) and mixed grill - this is a big and luxurious meal for two if you want to sample what the restaurant has to offer.Service was highly professional and pleasant. The wait for the main course was a little long for the kids but they were gracious about getting us the bill processed promptly when I requested it after that. They also provided a fabulous complimentary dessert plate for our daughter's birthday which was way above and beyond the usual slice of cake.We loved it and hope to return - hopefully without the kids next time!
I wasn't sure what to expect as I have passed it many times but never thought about booking there. The abundance of red color as seen from the street was a bit off-putting but it is always busy. This weekend we made the reservation and was pleasantly surprised. Super-friendly service without being overwhelming. The steak was good and my organic chicken nicely cooked. Good wine list too. I was however disappointed with the French fries which were soggy. How's that possible in this place? Maybe a bad day. They offered us a nice ravioli to start with -compliments from the house- but it was on the cold-ish side.The owner came around greeting everyone and that was a nice touch. The atmosphere was very pleasant with plenty of tourists giving it an international feel. All in all a good experience.
Is always nice to come back to this place, the service is excellent and so is the atmosphere.We started with a Club A Royal Platter with lobster shrimp and crab meat , it was delicious.Then we had Half Lemon Thyme Roasted Organic Chicken and Filet Mignon, both dishes was terrific. It was almost impossible to squeeze in the desserts: cream puffs and the tiramisuThank you for this place Bruno, the owner of this wonderful stekhouse.
Had a family birthday celebration this past Wednesday. I always like restaurants where the owner is usually present, it almost always results in superior service and quality, Club A is no exception. Our reservations were honored and were gracious to a late arriving member of our party. The waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable even with an excellent wine suggestion. Our party had the lamb chops, filet mignons and the New York Strip. All were served as ordered and were absolutely terrific. The owner check stopped by our table to check on our meals and engaged us in conversation over the many photographs on the wall behind us. It was my wife's birthday and the restaurant presented a tray of deserts as well as taking a picture of our table with the owner signing and dating the accompanying frame. We were just blown away by the service, atmosphere and welcoming nature of the restaurant. We would highly recommend it.
My wife and I recently dined at Club A steakhouse to celebrate our anniversary. We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation so we had a chance to hang out by the bar and enjoy the warm fire they have going in the entry area as well as the amazing decorations for the Christmas season. My wife and I both loved the atmosphere! Once we were seated the meal exceeded all expectations. Both of our steaks (we each had the filet) were cooked and seasoned perfectly. We had Mac and cheese and roasted asparagus for the sides which were also delicious, especially the Mac and cheese! I highly recommend it for a side of you like good Mac and cheese! After our meal was finished we were treated to a special complimentary dessert plate displaying a happy anniversary message drizzled in chocolate sauce. The cheesecake was to die for! One of the best pieces of cheesecake I’ve ever had. They also took our photo together with the dessert and Bruno (the owner) hand delivered a postcard sized photo to us displayed with a thank you message that he personally signed himself. He was such a welcoming and friendly man and his character and charming nature resonates throughout the restaurant and staff. Next time we visit the city we certainly won’t hesitate to visit again! The food was great but the additional friendly and welcoming touch shown by staff and owners is what really makes this place special. Thanks Bruno and staff for a special evening we won’t forget!
The best steakhouse experience ever!!!Have experienced many steakhouses, but this stands couple of places above all of them. It was just an amazing experience. Everything is top notch here: steaks, sides, menu, service, staff and the atmosphere in general. The owner, Bruno Selimaj is just an amazing person and not surprised why this place is the best. He is so natural, kind and passionate while talking with you and adding that last piece of wonderfulness to this stellar steakhouse. Was together with a group of friends and they were speechless. Can't wait the next time we go to this exceptional steakhouse again, highly recommended!!!
Booked here for a birthday meal for my wife. On arrival we were shown upstairs, which I was initially concerned about but it was fine.Menus brought then bread delivered to the table, closely followed by the wine we'd ordered. I had the thick sliced Applewood smoked bacon to start. Having bacon as a starter is a new concept for me but the two very thick juicy rashers which were brought were a revelation. A little bit of char on the outside but soft and juicy inside - delicious.When we'd ordered, the waiter checked several times that we both wanted a baked potato. When we said 'yes' he checked again, looking slightly puzzled. When the mains arrived we understood. If he'd said the potatoes were that enormous we'd have ordered one, but just a puzzled look on his face didn't communicate what the problem was.I had the New York Strip - 18oz - and it's probably in the top 3 of the best steaks I've ever eaten. Served perfectly medium rare, and cut so thick there could be a nice char on the outside without overlooking the middle. Steak heaven but it defeated me, with a good 4oz still being on my plate at the end.We declined dessert, being stuffed, but they brought out a plate with a selection of 5 small desserts on, which proved too nice to totally resist.Service is very attentive but the nature of the upstairs room, the part towards window section, is relatively narrow and for staff to see how your meal is progressing they have to come right up behind you. As they were checking on tables around us, as well us, it felt like there was forever a waiter hovering over your shoulde. It's a little offputting but I don't know how they can avoid it, given the layout of the room.A very smart restaurant and not cheap, but good value given the quality of the food.
I did my research before choosing a fine dining spot for our last night in New York. Club A Steakhouse received rave reviews, and now I understand why! Not only was the establishment beautiful and romantic, the service was superb. One can get great food in a lot of places, but service such as we received is quite rare. We walked in and were immediately greeted. We had reservations but ended up about 15 minutes early. Without having to wait, we were seated at a table upstairs. Both the upstairs and downstairs have a small bar. Each table had a fresh red rose and candlelight and fresh linens. The walls and ceiling are decorated in a deep rich red. There are mirrors on the walls, which makes the restaurant seem bigger than it is. The view from our seats was outdoor trees with white lights. Our server was patient and friendly, answering all of our questions about the menu. I never felt rushed. We ordered cocktails before dinner and wine with our meal. I asked our server to bring whatever cabernet he thought was good (I didn't feel like laboring over a wine list). I don't know what he brought me, but I ended up ordering another glass of it! After our salad (which was light and refreshing) we were brought a complimentary appetizer. It was a portabella mushroom ravioli that was to die for. It was in a cream sauce. Our steaks were excellent and perfectly cooked. I had the filet mignon and my husband had the hangar steak. I also ordered the truffle mac'n'cheese and he ordered mushrooms. The mushrooms were so delicious he ate the entire serving (which is enough for 2-3 people). During dinner I was brought my second glass of wine and my husband also ordered a glass of what I was having. We were told this glass was on the house. After our meal we chatted with the waiter and had a conversation about California (where we're from). I liked how natural our conversation felt. We enjoy talking to people and sometimes when we converse with the wait staff at restaurants, we feel rushed, like they need to get to another table. Not here. Our dinner plates were cleared and while we were enjoying our wine, we were brought dessert. Also complimentary! It was a delicious combination of cheesecake, profiteroles, tiramisu, and berries. During our meal, we saw the owner walking around, smiling and checking on people. On our way out, we stopped to tell him how wonderful our experience was. He was so kind and humble. He offered to buy us a drink at the bar. We kindly declined (only because we were stuffed).The entire dining experience, from the minute we walked into Club A until the minute we walked out, was superb. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough. There are plenty of steakhouses in New York, but it's worth the time and effort to make Club A Steakhouse your choice.
Recently went on our first trip to NYC and was looking for a nice place to go on our last night, based on trip advisor rating and reviews we booked Club A and were absolutely not disappointed!We were seated on the first floor and opened with a glass of Veuve Clicquot (our champagne of choice) - a reasonably priced $22 each (considering the cost to import it to the US).I had the snails to start and asked the waiter how "pernody" they were - I'm not a huge fan of aniseed. He said it is very understated and he was right - a beautiful garlicky butter was the main flavour. My girlfriend opted for the lobster cocktail which is in effect half a lobster served in the shell with salad etc. Always enjoy cracking into a whole claw! I then opted for the 16oz filet mignon (cooked blue), my girlfriend the 18oz New York Strip (med/rare) with sides of fries, asparagus and mushrooms.My 16 oz steak was incredible - cooked (or should I saw not cooked) perfectly. It was very slightly over seasoned but only on the seared edges where the nature of a blue steak gives it little time to spread to the rest of the meat! The strip was also cooked perfectly and tasted divine.Sides were delicious although we barely touched them as we were focussed on eating of the steak as we could!I had a beer (Duvel) and Jen moved onto the red wine - one of her favourites is Malbec and it is served by the glass here. She had a second glass as well which accidentally got mixed up with a pinot noir order from another table - we were not overly concerned and didn't comment, although the other diner with the Malbec instead of a pinot was very vocal and rude about it! Frankly we were both too full to really consider a dessert but the very warm and friendly owner, Bruno, provided us with a trio of desserts as well as a large fruit selection - he also wanted to make sure we enjoyed our last night and offered us more drinks so I had a Baileys and Jen an Amaretto.The waiting staff were attentive and knowledgeable without being overbearing or cold, Bruno is a lovely gentlemen who again was not overbearing but clearly enjoys interacting with his customers and ensuring they are completely happy - he clearly lives to serve.We asked for the bill and were surprised that not only was the dessert and spirits not billed, but also the wine and beer. This was neither asked for not expected but is of course a lovely touch and one which encourages positive comments! I should stress that we were absolutely happy to pay full price for our meal - it would have been worth every penny - Club A/Bruno clearly feels that he is in a position to treat his customers to VIP treatment at the expense of a couple of extra dollars and it is a lovely and touch.On leaving we were given our coats and thanked again for our visit and given best wishes for the rest of our holiday and our flight to Antigua the next day...just as I was leaving Bruno grabbed me and handed me a long stem red rose (pulling the thorns off with his fingers) for me to give to Jen...another lovely touch.In summary - is this the best meal I've ever eaten anywhere, no, but then I have been fortunate to eat at the Fat Duck, is it one of my happiest and memorable dining experience and a fitting end to our first trip to New York, absolutely. If we are lucky enough to return to New York in the future, we will absolutely return to Club A Steakhouse, I cannot compliment it highly enough.
I searched for a dinner choice on TripAdvisor recently while in Midtown NYC for business. Based on my location, Club A came up highly rated. TripAdvisor never usually let's us down, and this choice continued the good reputation!I came in early (5:00PM) and no one was there, and all staff were very polite and helpful. I was seated in a primary location on the second floor overlooking 58th Street. The music was fun and lively and the environment was very nice. I was soon joined by some young couples, and another single businessman.The waiter explained the simple 'steakhouse" menu and the specials. I ordered the Tuna Tatar special appetizer and the Filet-on-the-Bone special entre. A class of Italian wine complimented it nicely. The Tuna was tasty, but nothing memorable, I prefer raw tuna in larger simple pieces, more like Sashimi. This was a little over processed, but served with a fresh mixed green salad and some chopped onion. The À la carte Filet was cooked just as I ordered, but was larger than I really wanted - but I suppose that's the nature of a steakhouse. The Filet was crispy outside and flavorful inside. I also ordered the sautéed spinach, which was still slightly crispy - which I liked. It also was not overly garlicky.The service was very good. I noticed at the fellow next to me, that when his food arrived he wasn't sure he liked the side he ordered. The waiter and his assistant went out of their way to ensure that the customer had what he wanted, even it meant replacing the side ordered.I ordered a second glass of wine, when they brought a "complimentary" dessert: mini cannoli, tiramisu, and chocolate crème puff. The crème puff was out of this world! It tasked like a light Beignet filled with light chocolate crème - yummy! This is definitely on my list when I return.
Not even worth the time to write this review.First they wanted to sit three of us at a very small table that was actually a table for two with a third chair stuck in on the side. When I requested a larger table I was told they didn't have anything but would check downstairs to see what they could do. As we arrived at our table downstairs (a table for four) we noticed six other tables for four that only had two people at them??!!?? I can't understand why they were trying to squeeze us at such a small table when there was plenty of room.The food was mediocre at best. My hangar steak came out pre-sliced which was not mentioned on the menu and very upsetting. I know why restaurants pre-slice steak, it's because it looks like a larger portion when it's sliced and each piece is laid on its side. When I asked why my steak was pre-sliced the waiter ignored my inquiry and returned to the kitchen. Not only was there no natural juice on my plate because I didn't cut into it myself, the steak was as tough as leather.Overall the food wasn't as bad as the service but I wouldn't return for either.
We visited the Club A Steakhouse for my boyfriends 40th birthday meal. The restaurant is beautiful with a great atmosphere. The food was amazing and as a veggie they offered to make me something but I stuck with having a selection of sides (Mac and cheese was best I’ve had). My boyfriend loved his steak. The dessert was lovely and they wrote happy birthday on the plate. They also took a photo of us that they gave us as a memento. We were treated like royalty I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
One of our favorite things to do when traveling is finding and dining at the best steak houses. We have had the privilege of dining at some truly amazing restaurants over the years across the US, Canada, and Mexico. Our experience at this restaurant was my all time absolute favorite! There were so many things to love. We liked it so much we went twice during our 6 night stay. The ambiance was classic and timeless with the bold red colors , white table cloths , red roses, candles, and old school decor. So romantic and elagant yet so warm inviting and casual. The service was top notch both visits and the entire team of people make you feel special. Everyone in the restaurant was thoroughly enjoying their evening and food. The manager came to our table each visit to ask about our food and if we needed anything. A very rare experience but really spoke to their focus on the customer experience. Next topic : The food . The menu was a classic steak house menu offering a variety of starters , sides and the finest cuts of meet. We enjoyed the calamari, whipped potatoes, grilled veggies and bone in rib eye. It was the best steak I have ever had in my life !!! All food was perfection! And the desserts...Omg!!! Be sure to save room !! The wine list was extraordinary and the cocktails divine! When we went the second time we took a friend...She too was blown away !! Don't miss this place if in NYC!! Its a restaurant jewel in the city and in the USA!!
I must say I'm very disappointed.. it's not my first experience in a steck house in NY City but it wasn't as good as I hoped it to be. Must say the reviews were good as well.I went there with 2 friends and my sister, as a respect to her BF who just visited NY for the first time. We had reservations so we didn't wait at all, we set kinddda in the middle so it was a bit loud. It was also very dark, I couldn't understand if it was for the need of drama or trying to save on electricity bill... Anyway, food- I ordered a steck and a side of asparagus and shared a side of Mac and cheese with my sister, it was supposed to be an appetizer but it came along with the food, mistakes - we all do them it's fine... We had to open with their braed platter that was very fine.You would think, how can you ruin asparagus plate? Or a nice piece of stack? Well yeah you can, very easily.The stack was dry to death, I asked medium, there was nothing medium about it. The Mac and cheese had more oil than the oil tank the fry the French fries in, it was a short way to painful heartburn.The poor asparagus was soaked with oil as if it was water. So even if you wanted to get a little bit health from eating veggies, nope you can't.The waitress realize something was wrong but he was very busy and I choose not to bother him with that, after all it seemed like a pattern.He gave us samples of 3 desserts, it's the first time that I could stick to my word of skipping dessert. Not cause I wanted, cause it was horrible. We got some type of dough dipped in guess what?! Yup! Oil! Some cake that I guess was supposed to be a cheesecake, but it wasn't. A dissaster!So why 2 starts after all? The service.The Service was rally wonderful! You can see that the waitres work there for many years, they know what they need to do, and they were really nice. They deserve it all.Don't think I'll ever go back to this stack house, at least not when I worry about the amount of oil I'm consuming.
Visited Club A with one of my good buddies who recommended the place based on my foodie fondness. We started with the Club A Bacon and Caesar which were both delish. Main entree was the 16 oz filet mignon with a few sides of veggies.The steak was very well prepared for medium rare with a nice flavor on the back end. Service was great, I believe Bruno was our server. The manager came to our table to ensure everything was satisfactory and to our standards.Pleasant experience overall and would come back again.
I agree with most of these reviews. My wife and I dined on 6/22/2012 and I would rate this one of my top 10 dining experiences ANYWHERE in the last 25 years. From the moment we walked in until we left, every detail of service was covered. Our server, Jay, was helpful with details and candid about the size of the portions..You won't leave hungry. My wife and I split a Maryland crab cake appetizer, (one of the best I've tasted outside of Baltimore) before deciding on the mixed grill for two, which might feed three who aren't that hungry. The filet, sliced sirloin, sausage all were grilled to perfection and the asparagus as a veggie paired perfect. Wine was properly decanted and I never had to refill a glass. All of this is a tribute to Bruno, the owner, who made it point to visit every table including ours. I am a restaurant guy for a very long time and the best way to describe the "Club A" is we entered as strangers and left as friends, something you won't find in most large corporate owned or chain dinner houses. This is the difference between the "big guys" and the smaller, family owned dinner houses and Bruno has done this RIGHT for 34 years! Thank you Bruno and your staff for your hospitality, generosity and friendship...We shall return!
Being burned at the Fireside Grill a few days earlier (separate review), I cancel our planned visit at Benjamin Prime the moment I find out that the two establishments share ownership. So, we get a last moment reservation for five at the Club A of which I have some pleasant memories. We arrive on time for our reservation and are eventually seated in the downstairs (think bull-red!) dining room after a short wait.  There were quite a few things that did not happen the way they should in a premier eating establishment (like steaks not cooked as requested), but I'll concentrate on the two most aggravating aspects: wine list and service, since those two were the worst part. The wine list was pathetically short on good French wines (a must for a reputable steakhouse). Plus, the sommelier kept bringing us substitute years for the ones listed on the menu, all the time insisting that they were “just as good if not better than”... Service was slow, distracted, inefficient, unacceptable. Prices, of course, were top of the line. It will take me a while before I give them another chance. This town is becoming the pits for steakhouses: Peter Luger in Brooklyn is horrible, Keen's chophouse has worsened both steaks and service, Smith & Wollensky still has good steaks, but service is hit & miss, Delmonico's in downtown has horrible service and Benjamin Prime – see first paragraph. So sad, NYC used to be a great town for steaks. Maybe everybody has become a vegetarian and there isn't enough demand for good steakhouses...
Without doubt, the best steak I have ever eaten.Friendly service. Great wine list. Loved the red walls. Highly recommended. Can you please open a restaurant branch in Canada?
The best restaurant experience for as long as I remember. We were four quite demanding adults, and all four agreed that this was excellent. Exquisite service and fantastic food. Live music, cozy surroundings pleasant acoustics and patience with our three children aged 1-3. Three adults shared a porterhouse and a rib eye. All of it just fantastic. The one vegetarian had the salmon and was quite satisfied without it being as big a success as the meet. Sides were really good as well and same goes for the wine. We had an excellent one course dinner with wine - four adults and three small children at the cost of 680 USD including tax and 20% mandatory tax (as were were six or more). I can only find one thing to complain about and that was the espresso/macchiato. It was from a machine and not made with a proper espresso machine and with freshly ground fresh beans. That said, coffee is my hobby, so many would probably have found it acceptable. I definitely recommend this place and will certainly be back. 
We picked this restaurant purely based on the reviews from here as we were travelling from England to NYC for my husbands 30th birthday. We were not disappointed, the entire dining experience was amazing, they have customer service and food spot on. They address your every need and nothing is too much for them, I didn't feel uncomfortable with it either, it's great service but far from a snobby environment. I am a vegetarian but my husband loves a good steak and they catered for us both with ease. We loved that it is a family business and want to encourage everyone who dines with club A to write a review so we can get them increased on here to number 1. If we lived closer this would be a place we would always use for celebrations, great value too. If you want a dining experience you can guarantee will go smoothly and meet your expectations, choose club a.Thanks again, Mr and Mrs Bailey (12.05.15) 
After a week in New York we decided to enjoy this restaurant on our last night in town - i couldn't find a fault if I tried. The food was amazing, the service was spot on and the wine list was plentiful. Being a (seafood eating) vegetarian, I enjoyed my fish selection very much whilst my family had the steak which was cooked to perfection. We were given a complimentary starter of mushroom ravioli and I only wish j had eaten that! Not overly expensive for a New York steakhouse - definitely not for what you get. It was a lovely end to our new York week
We visited here for a second time during a second trip from the U.K. We always go as a 4 with a young baby and they have always been very accommodating with endless amounts of bread for the baby to chomp on, making arrangements so we can make a bottle and arranging high chairs promptly. They waiters are hot and have always been very friendly and welcoming. They give you a complimentary small starter which is a nice touch. They are prompt in serving you and happily cater to your every need. To anyone trying to decide whether or not to give it a try, do, you won't regret it. The food is delicious as are the sides. The other 3 people I eat with have tried many many steaks and say undoubtedly this is the best. I however try to avoid red meat due to my health and I discovered they occasionally do this mushroom stuffed pasta as a starter, once discovered each time we have visited I have requested this as my main. They were happy to accommodate and it's the best pasta I've ever eaten, I seriously think it should be put on the menu for vegetarians who are eating there to accommodate friends. It's to die for. The sides are all very good and full of flavour.... I hate sprouts usually but here they are a must. The atmosphere is very relaxing with dark red walls and candles on the tables. The best place to eat in New York.... Trust me.From your English steak fans and baby bread muncher. Thanks for great service! 
Chose Club A based on Trip Advisor reviews, and were not disappointed. Seated promptly at a lovely window table. Enjoyed the live music. Service was wonderful. My husband and I split the 16 oz filet. Seasoned nicely and cooked exactly as we requested. Shared mashed potatoes and the steak tartare appetizer. Both very good! We had excellent wine and were treated to a complimentary fruit plate for dessert as we were celebrating. They also took a photo of us and printed it for us to keep. Bruno the owner stopped by several times to make sure all was well. Wonderful establishment. Highly recommend. Helpful with gluten as my husband is celiac. The only suggestion would be to have gluten free bread for those who have gluten issues. Also this restaurant is much less expensive than similar quality and quantity. Eat here! 
We had tickets for the theater and went for an early dinner. The staff was great and we spent time with the owner who has been in the restaurant business for 49 years... I guess that’s why the restaurant was so terrific. Oh did I forget to mention that the food was delicious... we’re gluten free and there were plenty of options. Forget the big steak houses and try this locally owned masterpiece. 
My wife took me here for my birthday as we love NY steakhouses.Sorely disappointed from the moment we walked in. Cocktail ordered, didnt arrive for 25mins. Wine list ... very short and very little champagnes. Order 2 steaks, my wife's was overcooked and mine was overcooked and worse still cold. We told them we were Gluten free yet they still brought us bread! and then brought us a plate of deserts... we asked if they were GF ... they said NO. So why bring them to us ?? To tease us! Very poor! Could have munched them and been gluten poisoned! Mortons, Strip House, Lincoln Sq ... so many good Steakhouses in NYC .... this is not one!
Went here to celebrate my birthday with a romantic meal and we enjoyed. Pros- lovely ambience from the chandeliers to the ceiling carpet-like decorations. Friendly and attentive service. Wine list very good choices but high priced. Great carafes to decant the wine, and no need to ask. Food was very good- delicious tomatoes (even out of season) with buffalo mozzarella cheese; shrimp cocktail ok but overpriced for 3 pieces. Steak cooked to perfection and sides were superb - brussel sprouts, broccoli. Live jazz music downstairs can be heard upstairs as well. Negatives- no gluten free bread options. Very pricey (maybe I'm not used to Manhattan steakhouse prices but we shared a steak and it still cost 135$ pp with wine and tip! Deserts very ordinary.
My wife and I booked a private dining room for 26 guests following our wedding... The room itself was great - nicely decorated and entirely separate to the remainder of the restaurant...The food in Club A is superb. We selected a prix fixe menu for our guests.., which included a number of options for both starter and main.., along with a number of sides and then followed by a selection of desserts... I selected the soup followed by the filet mignon... They were both great quality and the steak was cooked to perfection - it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. A generous portion of mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and macaroni cheese were also provided family style... These were all beautifully cooked and the macaroni was incredible...The wine list is good. We selected a white and a red that were to be provided throughout the meal. These were both reasonably priced and got very good reviews from our guests...The service was great - just the right level of interaction without being overbearing... They did a great job and were very accommodating and flexible as we were running a little late following the wedding... They also happily decorated the room with place settings and wedding favours as requested...I do, however, have a couple of criticisms. Firstly, the inability to deal with a dairy free guest... Instead of providing a dairy free side or approaching us to arrange this, they just left her without a side. This was a little disappointing as you would have thought this could have just been dealt with considering the money we were spending... Secondly, the communication trying to organise this meal from London was rather poor... Club A did not respond to emails following the initial booking, although the offending member of staff seems to have been replaced... Furthermore, they lost our booking, but then reconfirmed once the individual had been replaced. This was a little stressful, but the issue seems to have been resolved...
My wife and I booked a private dining room for 26 guests following our wedding. The room itself was great - nicely decorated and entirely separate to the remainder of the restaurant.The food in Club A is superb. We selected a prix fixe menu for our guests, which included a number of options for both starter and main, along with a number of sides and then followed by a selection of desserts. I selected the soup followed by the filet mignon. They were both great quality and the steak was cooked to perfection - it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. A generous portion of mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and macaroni cheese were also provided family style. These were all beautifully cooked and the macaroni was incredible.The wine list is good. We selected a white and a red that were to be provided throughout the meal. These were both reasonably priced and got very good reviews from our guests.The service was great - just the right level of interaction without being overbearing. They did a great job and were very accommodating and flexible as we were running a little late following the wedding. They also happily decorated the room with place settings and wedding favours as requested.I do, however, have a couple of criticisms. Firstly, the inability to deal with a dairy free guest. Instead of providing a dairy free side or approaching us to arrange this, they just left her without a side. This was a little disappointing as you would have thought this could have just been dealt with considering the money we were spending. Secondly, the communication trying to organise this meal from London was rather poor. Club A did not respond to emails following the initial booking, although the offending member of staff seems to have been replaced. Furthermore, they lost our booking, but then reconfirmed once the individual had been replaced. This was a little stressful, but the issue seems to have been resolved.Overall, I would highly recommend Club A. The food is magnificent and the service is great, despite the booking difficulties. Well worth the money.
I came to Club A Steakhouse on a limb. Me and my fiancée have been going to Gallagher’s for years to celebrate birthdays but I wanted to try something new this year. This place DID NOT disappoint. The restaurant is beautifully decorated for the holidays both outside and inside. The atmosphere inside is elegant, classy, and warm, everything a good restaurant should be. Beautiful and carefully considered ambience, especially to enjoy a night out in NYC during the holiday season. We were seated and our waiter, Nick, was so attentive and warm. He was really honest about how much he thought we should order and his suggestions were perfect. There are so many generous touches that undoubtedly makes this place the best dining experience I’ve had in NYC (I’ve lived here for 25 years). They brought out complimentary ravioli which was SO GOOD (even 2/3 of us who hate ravioli licked the plate clean). They finished off the night giving us a free dessert platter and let me tell you, this dessert wasn’t just a plate of stale assorted pastries they had to get rid of. Everything on the plate was absolutely delicious, some of the best dessert I have ever had. The owner,Bruno, was so attentive and lovely. He took it upon himself to make sure everyone was having a good evening and checked in with care and warmth. All our food was delicious, steaks were cooked EXACTLY as we had asked, seared perfectly, perfect temperature, perfect seasoning. The sides were also delicious. We couldn’t believe the generosity and hospitality but I expect no less from my Albanian compatriots. Best night out we’ve had in a long time.
Romantic clean location, friendly personal service and real good food especially steak That is, what we want from a good restaurant If it’s worth, we love to pay a higher price like at this spot 
Having seen the highly rated reviews and the overrule TA rating, we thought this would be great place to celebrate my wife’s birthday when in NYC. Booking was so easy and the emails flip flopped over the pond. We were all booked and set.Arrived and were promptly greeted and taken to a table on the first floor in the window, so we over looked the street and it was really nice. Crisp clean white table clothes were set on the table and the waiter came over and introduced himself. My wife’s menu said - happy birthday on the top, how nice!!Started with a nice Argentinian Red Malbec which was very nice. (However when I can buy this at home for sub £10 inc tax I think $60 is a bit rich).Now on to the food, we were not disappointed.From salads to tartare, from a fillet to a ribeye, all were perfectly cooked.Then we were presented with a plate of deserts for my wife’s birthday. Coffee was Luke warm and could have been a lot better, but overall an excellent meal, in good surroundings and which we enjoyed.The bill was $260 for wine, water, 2x starters and 2x main courses plus the request for 18-25% tip. Sorry were from the UK so if we’re really really really happy you will get 10%. If you need more ask your employer for it!!Would I return, yes I would, it was really good.
I took my family to it . It was the first time to us there . Awesome steak , clean place and very friendly staff . I would definitely recommend it .
Food was delicious and exactly as ordered. Incredible Porterhouse for 2. Service went above expectations. The owner Bruno visited each table on more than one occasion to be sure everything was perfect. Club A was clean with a wonderful view and atmosphere. Can't wait to return.
We found this restaurant through trip advisor and what a fantastic place. As soon as we got into the restaurant we we were met by friendly staff that showed us to our table without having to wait. The restaurant is clean and well set out and the waiting staff are great. I can not praise this place enough it’s everything you would expect and more the food was great and the owner is keen to meet his customers and engauge with conversation. Awesome and thank you Very much for a great evening. We would love to come back soon.
Double 60th Celebration - we had went with another couple, close friends to celebrate our husbands big 60th. We are so happy that we came here. Beautiful decor with live music (not too loud- even though we sat close). Great service, the manager had came over a few times to chat, wonderful hospitality, our waiter was very attentive - old school service. We all loved our food, from apps to dessert. We were given a free small ravioli appetizer which was delicious. I was happy with the raw oysters, very clean; we also had the caprese salad and fried calamari, also very good. We had been to many great steakhouses and this one has become my number one. The porterhouse for 2 was cooked perfectly med rare and was very tender. Our friends has ordered other cuts of meats and also enjoyed their meals. We had leftovers and wouldn’t had ordered dessert but were provided 2 plates of assorted pastries with Happy Birthday written to each of our boys, compliments on the house. Such a nice touch. We would definitely be coming back.
Booked this place as a birthday meal for my sister while in New York City. I was impressed from the start, beautiful, clean and welcoming as soon as we got through the door. The atmospher was relaxing and a feeling of upper class without being snobbish. Lots of drinks on offer to chose from, menu was great with a mixture of sides to pick from. I ordered a peitie fillet mignon 10oz was asked how i would like it cooked. When it came out at was perfect! Melt in the mouth... We had appetizers on the house via the chief which was also great. (Mum could not eat this as had allergies), this was not an issue for them they went back and brought her something else. Great customer service. They made a real fuss over sisters birthday by bring a desert on the house for us all to share. They taken our photo and put it in a case so we could take away as a keep sake. Its definitely the little things that count. Wish we had a Club A Steak house in Wales. If i went back to NYC would definitely book this resturant again.Thanks to everyone.
Mine and partners first time in New York and I wanted to take him somewhere special for his birthday. I googled top restaurants in New York and this came up #4, so I booked a table in advance and put in the special request that it was his birthday not expecting much. We turned up and was greeted by a very warm and friendly welcome, and my partner was wished a happy birthday and given a menu saying happy birthday which was wonderful, more than I could of asked for! We were sat by the window on a very clean table with a rose and candlelight. The food we had was outstanding and bursting with flavour (my partner has oysters and I had the club a bacon for appetisers) my partner ordered veal and had it cooked to his liking which he loved every mouthful. Being a chef himself, he knew about cooking meats and addding seasonig to boost the flavour. I had the fillet mignon which I asked for well done, which I know drys out the meat but I can’t stomach seeing pink, and it made me so happy to receive a well done steak, no pink and was still bursting with flavour! We also had a photo taken together for his birthday which was printed out and was a great memento that we both cherish and appreciate so much! And my partner received a complimentary dessert platter with a candle to celebrate his birthday which was truly wonderful. This place was on a whole other level with their service and food. Will be going again when we visit New York again!
We are a UK couple who came to New York last week and ate here. It was our best dining experience in NY and the food and service is IMPECCABLE. Do not hesitate to book!The restaurant is clean, lovely and the service is flawless. We were waited on hand and food and felt so spoilt! Bread, water topped up frequently, some chit chat with the manager and complimentary starter and dessert which was out of this world. However, the steak was the real star of the show. We shared a porterhouse for 2 with some seasoned scrummy fries and sauces. The steak was to die for!!! We left feeling happy, full and spoilt with our only disappointment being that this place was so far away because if it was at home we would be there at every chance!Well done to the cooks, manager, waiters and everyone else involved!! And thank you for such a fabulous night.
My girlfriend and I checked through countless reviews, endless websites and various other sources before just making the decision to just book something. Given that for a number of travellers visiting NYC it is a huge thing and you might only get to do it once and choosing a steakhouse is equally a big decision! So if like us, this viewpoint resonates, I can assure you that based on our experience this place will over deliver in bucket loads. Fantastic server service, great setting and ambience, drinks never running dry, very clean and tidy, menu and process clearly explained and the food was out of this world. We ordered the Porterhouse for 2 + a number of sides and would easily go back here any day of the week.
This place gets an A+! Clean, friendly, and great environment. Food is fantastic and cooked just right. Can't wait to go back!
Our family spent the day in the city and had reservations for 5:30pm. After walking through central park it started to rain so we picked up the pace to get there early and out of the rain. Although they don't open until 5pm they let us in while they were still preparing the tables and we waited in the bar area for a few minutes while the owner came over and briefly chatted with us and the kids. We were offered a table upstairs with a beautiful view. Our waiter Diego was fantastic, as well as all the other servers who were very attentive, always making sure our glasses were full and table clean. The restaurant was well appointed and very romantic however still set up nicely to accommodate larger parties and families. The apps were fantastic and main courses were cooked to perfection. There are a lot of little touches done here that really separate them from the competition. For example, I ordered the dry aged rib eye which was perfection on a plate, my wife the filet, my kids had lamb chops, roasted chicken and a strip steak. We weren't sure what sauces to add on so our waiter brought out several for all of us to try, and they were all fantastic with no upcharge. We also did the 3 sides combo to share on the table and that was fantastic ( the truffle mac and cheese was the best I've had ). To top it off we were ready for coffee and deserts when our waiter took our coffee order and then came out with a full plate of desserts for the table on the house. Very nice touch ! The only 2 very minor gripes is I wish they had a children's menu or smaller portions for them because they could not finish their meals, it was just too much food for them even though they enjoyed every bite. And although the wine menu had some fantastic selections and is quite large if you are in the mood for Cabernet or Merlot, they should expand on the Zinfandel selection which only had a few bottles on it and is my preferred choice when dining out, however the ones they did have were excellent and familiar to me. Next time we visit we will definitely be making reservations here again. Highly recommended.
We visited Club A while on our first holiday to America and i can honestly say we won't forget our dining experience.Our waiter was very polite and knowledgeable, the restaurant itself is very clean and well set out with plenty of room between tables. The food was superb, reasonable in portion size and cooked to perfection!The only thing we would have changed about our meal was the fact that we ordered too many sides by mistake. at 3 sides for $24 this is more than enough for 2 people. We ordered 6 😞.Over our 7 day stay in New York i would say our meal at Club A was by far the best dining experience we had.
I'm definitely surprised when I tried their food, the taste is heavenly awesome. The staff are also professional in handling their customers and well-mannered. The restaurant is clean and with good atmosphere. I will totally go back.
Here for a 60th birthday celebration and we had the best time. Great food , drink and a great atmosphere. The host Bruno was attentive to every table and the waiters were excellent, service was 10/10... Wife had New York strip and i had the t-bone. Both cooked perfectly...Topped off with a plate of desserts with a candle in !!! Photograph of our evening finished things off...Thanks to all your staff Bruno and we will be back....soon !!! 
 Had a 2 person Groupon and also ate 2 person a la carte. The bar was set high from the pictures and did not disappoint. Service was great, food was terrific. They took our picture and then Bruno, the owner returned with the hard copy. Would recommend and we will return.
This has to be the best steak i have ever had. Reasonably priced for a mouthwatering experience such as this. The prime NY Strip genuinely brought a tear to my eye as i took a bite into the perfectly cooked, seasoned and rested steak. Worth every cent 3 times over. The service was exquisite, very attentive and even gave us complimentary desserts. Truely amazing, would recommend this place to anyone with taste buds! 
My recent dining experience at Club A Steakhouse was a far cry from the upscale steakhouse experience I had anticipated. With its dimly lit ambiance and lackluster service, the restaurant failed to impress on multiple fronts.The service was slow and inattentive, with our waiter frequently disappearing for extended periods, leaving us feeling neglected. When he did make an appearance, his demeanor was aloof and disengaged, making us feel like an inconvenience rather than valued customers.The dessert, a supposed crème brûlée, was a soggy and flavorless disappointment. The caramelized sugar topping was a mere thin, brittle layer, offering no contrast in texture or flavor to the custard base.Overall, our dining experience at Club A Steakhouse was a culinary letdown. The poor service, unappetizing food, and underwhelming atmosphere combined to create an evening we would rather forget. I strongly advise against patronizing this establishment, lest you too fall victim to its underwhelming culinary offerings.
We had salmon and filet --both were superb. I started with the bacon slab appetizer, my wife had caesar salad and we both ere very happy. My 10 ounce filet was the best steak I've had in a long time -very tender and cooked to my preference. For desert the petit fours - served on a dollop of chocolate mousse - delicious. We got all this in the fixed price menu and were very happy with our meal and the value. 
AMAZING! The BEST steaks we've ever had! We were visiting from Calgary,AB aka Canadian Beef Country* Tucked away from the tourist trap of Times Square...we walked from our hotel-Park Central on 57th....we originally went with a Groupon to try it out...it is our top pick for every trip back to NYC! Super cute restaurant- get a window table upstairs! - friendly staff, amazing food...next time...PORTERHOUSE for 2! Do not miss this hidden gem!!
We had a great opportunity to dine at this family restaurant. It is easy to understand how they have been successful for forty five years. The staff and owner were exceptional and made us feel truly cherished as customers.
The Steak was absolutely amazing and so were the sides! definitely the best steakhouse in nyc. the staff was very friendly. We can definitely recommend this place.
Terrable Steak. Weak Drinks. This restaurent is nice looking. Service is good. Very expensive but not more than any other NYC typical restaurent. HOWEVER, The Bone in Rib Eye was $72.00 terrable. Cooked corectly but lots of grizzle, tough and pre frozen. I am a NYer and used to good typical NYC expensive steaks. This place really failed and did it right in my face. Maybe it is not always like this but at $72 it should never be like this.
Wir waren anlässlich des Geburtstags meines Mannes dort Abendessen. Wir haben ein wirklich sehr gutes Porterhouse-Steak gegessen. Der Service war sehr gut. Der Inhaber des Restaurants kam persönlich zu uns an den Tisch und hat meinem Mann zum Geburtstag gratuliert. Zum Nachtisch bekamen wir eine Dessertvariation spendiert. Wir können das Restaurant nur weiterempfehlen.
La comida excelente y sus postres increíbles. La carta de vinos es espectacular! Su dueño entre las mesas y la atención es superlativa. 45 años de historia no es poco de este gran lugar. Los platos se pueden compartir. Súper recomendado! Somos de Argentina
My family really enjoyed the overall experience. All courses were delicious, especially the steaks and desserts. Loved the live music and welcoming atmosphere. Entire staff was friendly, hard-working, and attentive to customers. Can't wait to come back! 
I am looking on TripAdvisor for the #1 restaurant in New York City. This location was ranked at #1. Traveled about 40 minutes to get here, in the rain. We were promptly seated, and our drink orders were taken. After having a few minutes to look over the menu, our waiter came to take our order. I ordered the Bone-in Ribeye. My wife ordered the Lamb Chops. We also ordered a side of Mac and Cheese. Giving enough time for our food to be cooked, it arrived in the right amount of time. For dessert, we ordered the birthday special. It includes Chocolate Mousse Cake, Tiramisu, and Creme Puffs. Everything was wonderful. This is a great location to bring your special someone for a celebration!
Fantastisk mat og koselig atmosfære. Rolig og ikke for høylytt. Super service, trivelige folk. Anbefales!
Excelente Servicio Excelente Calidad de la CarneExcelentes los Términos de la CarneGuarniciones Y entradas espectacularesEl Postre 10/10Se esmeraron Mucho en su atención Recomendo
I’m from Texas, and we have great steak restaurants all over the place; however there is a reason why this is the #1 restaurant in NYC by Trip Advisor followers. It has been locally owned for 44 years, and the owner still comes around to your table! The food was top notch. My ribeye was one of the best tasting and best prepared, I’ve ever had! (And I’ve had a lot of them around the country. We will be visiting this place again!
Love this place! Have been going to Club A for many years and it always delivers. High quality and unpretentious. We go for special occasions as well as a local night out. Steaks are absolutely top-notch, great wine list and usually a special surprise on the house. Staff and owner are always incredibly gracious and helpful. Have enjoyed some wonderful jazz on weekends - a real treat. Club A has a LOT of history and many stories to be appreciated as can be seen from all the photos on the walls. A real NY experience even for locals. We look forward to many more visits. Bravo Club A!
This restaurant from the food to the service to the hospitality is 5 stars. My husband and I visited from California and were looking for a steakhouse to celebrate on our last night in the city. This place did not disappoint. Our server was so kind to us and treated us like long time friends. We made a joke about me not drinking because I’m pregnant when he came around for our cocktail order and he went out of his way to be so accommodating! They brought us this divine mushroom ravioli to start, and my husband that hates mushrooms devoured it! Our steaks were cooked perfectly and the Mac and cheese was delicious! They even sent over a dessert platter with a congratulations on the side. The owner, general manager and entire serving staff stopped by multiple times to chat and ask us how we were doing, and it made the experience that much more personal. If you’re looking for a locally owned non-restaurant chain steakhouse with excellent service and delicious food, this is the place! We can’t wait to come back to New York to visit.
What an amazing restaurant! Even though covid is still happening, Club A Steakhouse went above & beyond to help us forget (for a brief period) what’s going on in the world. For starters their Christmas decor is one of the best I’ve seen. The real wood burning fireplace at the entrance is the perfect touch for this time of year. All of the tables are spaced 6 feet apart & they are abiding by all local regulations. We sat upstairs on the 2nd floor & it was such a wonderful experience. We had Bacon & Caesar salad for appetizers. Then we had a porterhouse for 2 cooked to a perfect medium rare. The warm & cordial servers seared it on the plate completing the amazing crust. We had their Mac n cheese & an order of garlic fries for our sides. They also decanted a wonderful Napa Valley Cabernet called The Prisoner. Bruno, the owner, is a throwback to what NYC restaurateurs used to be. He takes pride in his work, or as he calls it, his passion. It really shows! I assured him after Covid is gone, he will be standing & still doing great. Thank you Bruno & Club A for an amazing evening!
I feel compelled to describe my experience dining at Club A this week. Overall, we were very disappointed. I was expecting a high level of dining experience given the outstanding reviews on multiple platforms, however the juxtaposition with our meal leaves me wondering whether the restaurant was having an off night, or whether the mainly tourist patrons are easily swayed by a free dessert?We showed up about 10 minutes early for our booking, our coats were taken and we were informed the table wasn’t ready yet - fair enough, we’re early. However we were then left to awkwardly stand in the entrance way while perhaps half the tables downstairs sat set and ready, no offer to sit at the bar and have a drink. Oddly, a couple who walked in several minutes after us were then seated before us. We were then taken upstairs to be seated, however there was some miscommunication between staff so we waited a little longer upstairs. I noted that the entire upstairs area seemed to be tourists, half of whom were looking at their phones, one guy even having a phone conversation and another listening to music with headphones. Our table had a nice spot overlooking the street, however the glassware was dirty and the vase and windows were filthy. We asked if we could go back downstairs where there at least seemed to be a few local businessmen, but we were informed there was no spare tables. This was an outright lie we noted at the time and when we left an hour later, the restaurant was less than 40% full on a quiet night. I think the idea was to sequester the tourists, fair enough I suppose. At this point my partner was unimpressed, but I insisted on staying due to the fantastic reviews I had read online. The variety of bread was all stale and ranged from slightly stale to hard as a rock and inedible, there were also crackers and breadsticks in the basket. We enjoyed a nice Californian red, unfortunately the numerous crystal decanters decorating tables in the restaurant were not offered for use. The steak itself was decent. Not amazing, not bad, but decent. The cut of meat was average for the price (regarding marbling and butchery), not amazing but not terrible. Cooked mostly medium rare and seasoned nicely, though perhaps the outer 30% of the slices were well done. I’ve had better steak elsewhere in NY, Europe and Australia. The best part of the meal was the sides - the mashed/purée potato was excellent and the carrots were tasty. The charred broccoli was unfortunately dry and underwhelming. The service was average at best, I have no major complaints but there was no particular care. The staff upstairs also spent a bit of time playing on their phones and managed to throw most items down on the table, wine glasses overfilled from bottle etc. Interestingly, it seems like everyone receives a plate of complimentary desserts. This was dumped on our table before the mains were finished being cleared, and honestly looked unappealing so we did not try it. I appreciate the intent and that they’re hoping to make it a memorable and special dining experience, but I would prefer if they focused on the basics. If I wanted dessert I would order a single item off the menu, not an assortment of cakes and what I think were profiteroles. I deliberated between a 2 or 3 star rating, but the more I think about it the less appealing it was. We’re spending several weeks in NY and have had a range of upscale dining experiences, this was probably amongst the worst, particularly given the price. Looking at TA/google it seems like the fabulous reviews mostly come from other tourists and I honestly wonder what their standards are like.I note the the owner of this establishment replies to many reviews himself and seems to take feedback constructively which makes me believe he cares about his business and diners’ experiences. My message is to please work on the basics - high quality steaks cooked consistently, and good service. 
I decided to give this local steakhouse in my neighborhood a try for the first time last night. The decor and atmosphere was very pleasant.My wife and I both shared the bacon appetizer, which was average at best, overcooked and a little on the cold side for my taste. We both ordered filet mignon medium rare with sides of baked potato, sauteed mushrooms, and sauteed carrots brown butter and honey. The steaks we're overcooked, one being at least medium and the other at least medium well. I'm not sure how they could come out different when ordered the same way, and they appeared to be identical size. We decided to keep them anyway hoping the quality of the meat would make up for them being overcooked. Unfortunately, the filet mignons were nowhere near the quality you would expect in an average American Steakhouse. The baked potato was so overcooked and so burned on the bottom that we could not cut through the bottom with a steak knife when we tried to share it. The mushrooms we're very good but neither one of us liked the carrots, they also seemed to be overcooked and dry. Club A has the smallest wine selection I've ever seen in a steakhouse so we choose two glasses of a California Cabernet called Decoy which turned out to be very good, sadly it turned out to be the best part of the meal so I ordered a second glass. The restaurant was surprisingly quiet for a Thursday at 7.30 pm but somehow our waiter completely lost interest in us after he took our order and never once came to check on how everything was, even though he walked past our table constantly. Another waiter brought a complimentary dessert dish with three small samples but never offered a dessert menu which we would have liked. Is it possible that they don't have a dessert menu? I tried to get our waiter's attention to get some coffee or espresso and some after dinner drinks, but he continued to ignore us and we eventually gave up and just asked for the check. Of course when he brought back the check he tried to be pleasant by asking us where we were from, I told him we're from around the corner and he told me he's from Montenegro and left. He should have asked how was the food and service, it would have been a more interesting conversation. On the way out I mentioned to our waiter that we would have liked to have had coffee and after dinner drinks but he never came near out table and he just looked at me and shrugged like he couldn't care less. I'm not complaining about the prices here, it is Manhattan and we eat out all the time, but this is not a cheap restaurant and the food and service world not have been acceptable had the bill been half what we paid. Being, literally two blocks from home it's a shame that it was such a disappointment as we would be regular visitors if it lived up to expectations.Club A gets an F.
To be honest, we hadn’t planned to dine at Club A. We left the apartment on E 57th St, intent on heading further uptown to a steakhouse recommended to us by friends. Thank heaven for the rain. We abandoned the plan to head uptown and instead, we circled the block to Club A. No reservations. 7:00 of an evening. No worries - we were seated within 5 minutes. And from that moment the experience improved steadily. The warm welcome was followed by the complimentary (and delicious) mushroom ravioli. What a tasty surprise that was!My partner chose the hangar steak while I opted for the blackened swordfish. Both of us were more than pleased by our choices. We had mashed potatoes and chargrilled broccoli as sides, which were so tasty!The service was attentive and professional without being overbearing or intrusive. The owner came to see how we were enjoying the food - a genuine and caring inquiry. Then came the surprise - a medley of three desserts - tiramisu, profiteroles and chocolate mousse cake - compliments of the House. We rarely eat desserts but these proved to be irresistible - and gratefully devoured!We live in a place where all beef is grass-fed (New Zealand). Being foodies, we are fussy about what food we eat. Club A Steakhouse more than met our standards, and then some. We heartily recommend visitors to NYC to visit this restaurant for a genuine New York Steak Experience. I regret that I have no photos to offer with this review. So, visitors, you will have to come see for yourself whether or not I write the truth!Thank you, Club A, for a superb meal and an enjoyable evening! 
Booked online for Club A Steakhouse and then confirmed my booking by email which was an easy process. We went on a Saturday evening and were served by the friendly and efficient Diego. We did not have wine but my husband and our friend had a local craft beer each and our birthday girl and I enjoyed the Leo Mojitos. Dinner was sublime. The boys had the bacon 🥓 to start and I had the calamari which were both tasty. Our mains - hubby and I shared a medium/rare porterhouse and our friends had the NY strip and mini fillet mignon. Sides of fries and mushrooms all cooked to perfection. The steaks 🥩 were out of this world. Complimentary dessert was appreciated, the staff also took a lovely photo for us which they framed in a card for us. We had several members of staff just float by asking if we were having a nice evening which was appreciated. My recommendation - a lovely restaurant, red old school glamour, attentive staff, steaks to die for! A must visit. We loved it. Thank you Club A Steakhouse ❤️
Missed their steak that is huge and certainly meant for two person. Great ambience, and hearty huge set of food serviced. Guess it is popular with both the locals and tourists as it is quite packed. We are jet lagging when we are but no regrets! 
We just had Xmas eve dinner in this stunning restaurant after being recommended by friends as a great place to eat.Starters and early service were good but then went down hill.Steaks arrived without sauces, when challenged the staff eventually brought the sauces and the Beirnaise arrived cold. It was hard to get the staffs attention as they were busy with every NEW customer who arrived.Finally hot sauce arrived together with the Re-heated steak because it had been waiting.Asking for the bill took some time together with trying to pay it due to complete ignorance of the staff.Once bill paid we left the table with no recognition from any member of staff that we had been there at all.When we collected jackets the receptionist asked if everything was alright. I said "no this was the worst service I have had in years" she said, "never mind I am sure it will be fine next time" again no recognition anything was untoward.Having paid $270 I have had better service in a local chip shop.
We were fortunate enough to visit this restaurant during NYC restaurant week. We were offered 3 courses for $42 excluding tax and gratuity. This was a really good deal as the price of the steaks alone were around $50, so it is worth noting that this could be an expensive dinner without the deal - prob $100 a head. The food was fantastic, I hadn't had a steak this good since being in South Africa! The service was good also, not at all pretentious and the waiters seem to be locals. There were a few tourists as well as locals in the restaurant.
Good location in midtown. We had great steaks and sides with some very nice wine. Typical steakhouse deco with dark rooms and a lot of upholstery. It seemed to be very popular with tourists (probably due to the high ranking on TA!) but many locals were also there.
I was in town and was responsible for choosing a place for a business dinner with old and new colleagues. Looking for something special and not a chain. Found Club A on several food apps and was not disappointed. Family run and frequented by locals this was the venue for a great evening of food and relaxation. The restaurant has a charm of its own and definitely has a club-like feel to it. When one of my companions said his steak was over done it was replaced without question, extra servings of sides appeared and a large plate of cut fruit made its way along with a dessert sampler after dinner. I couldn't have been more pleased. 
It's not often that a local neighborhood steakhouse gets it right but the food, service and ambiance was very nice. Lots of choices and the waiter was very helpful in not letting us over order. We ate everything!Desserts were a nice touch with a variety served on a single platter.Quiet street and parking was available.
Lovely restaurant. Calm and pleasant atmosphere. Great and pleasant host. Lovely food that lived up to expectations.
Ein besonders schöner Abend. Wurden sehr nett empfangen und dann auch den Abend über sehr gut umsorgt. Es war weder laut noch hektisch, wie sonst so oft in New York. Wir konnten in aller Ruhe genießen. Bekamen einen „Appetizer“ zur Begrüßung, nach der Vorspeise einen Zwischengang aus der Küche und dann einen tollen Dessertteller zum Abschluss. Richtig besonders und zuvorkommend!
Lugar maravilhoso! Atendimento nota 10! A carne espetacular! a música ambiente é ao vivo, o que torna o ambiente ainda mais aconchegante!
There is only one description for this steakhouse: Phenomenal !!! From appetizer to dessert, the food was perfect. The meat melted in the mouth and had oh already without sauce the perfect seasoning. Very good selection of wines. The team and the atmosphere are unique. I was here to celebrate my birthday with my family. A day I will never forget in my life. Thank you.
Club A Steakhouse is an excellent choice for a special occasion meal or a night out with friends or family. The food is delicious, the service is impeccable, and the atmosphere is simply unforgettable.
Wow!! Service was excellent! Food was excellent! Staff were amazing! Ambiance was excellent! But be aware this place is very pricey. But still would go back.
Booked this restaurant based on the excellent reviews. We weren't disappointed.I messed up the booking, and arrived on Saturday night, to be told I'd booked Sunday instead of Saturday, which was embarrassing 😳 , but the management said don't worry and found us a lovely table upstairs by the window. We skipped starters and went straight for the porterhouse steak. It arrived cooked exactly as ordered 😋 creamed mash, broccoli, and asparagus were also excellent. Had a bottle of malbac to wash it down with. The desert is included with the meal, which was a nice surprise 🍮The couple next to us celebrating a birthday, had their photos taken and signed by the owner, when I joked about having travelled from the UK, and they hadn't taken our photo, the owner returned took the photo and presented it to us in a signed card. It made us feel special and it was a lovely gesture. Although it's expensive, we loved the whole experience and that's enough in my book to justify the cost. Will definitely return when we're back in NYC.
Attention to detail and you feel like family. We ordered from a prefix menu in addition we ordered calamari, beet salad and a special trio of desserts arrived. Customer service was outstanding. Live music was a surprise bonus. The owner personally stopped by our table and a picture of our party for my mother in-law was given for her birthday. We would recommend this restaurant and visit again.
Excelente Porterhouse y gran atención empezando por Bruno, el propietario del steakhouse! Restaurante muy bien ambientado, nos dieron mesa en el 2o piso y la vista fue genial.
We liked this restaurant very much.Bruno and his staff have a true sense of hospitality and they serve excellent dishes. The thick cut bacon and the 10-ounce filet minion were absolutely great. Our waiter, Nick, speaks Italian and was really kind with us. Prices are more than adequates for the quality of food and service. Nice Groupon bargains available on the web for this restaurant. Highly reccomended experience in New York City.
Food was absolutely amazing. The service was warm and friendly. Staff absolutely listened and understood and created a great experience for our family, celebrating two birthdays. Will absolutely be back. Felt like family! 
It was a pleasure to visit the restaurant. Very delicious food and wine. The service was great. We would definitely recommend others to visit the restaurant.
Fantastic quality food and a great atmosphere, with some of the best service that I have ever experienced. Definitely worth a visit.
Club A Steakhouse is a great option for a special occasion or a romantic dinner. The food is excellent, the service is top-notch, and the atmosphere is elegant and sophisticated.
On our trip to New York I really wanted to visit a steak restaurant - I saw that this was rated number 1 on TripAdvisor so I decided to book. I went with my partner and 8 year old daughter and we were treated so warmly by the staff. The owners came round to every table to talk to the guests which you don't often see. I ordered the Prime NY Strip (medium rare), and it was cooked to perfection, so tasty! My partner ordered the filet mignon, and again it was cooked perfectly. We both said it was the best steak we've ever had! For sides we got fries and mac 'n' cheese, which again were really good. Our daughter shared our food and she was also very happy! Me & my partner both ordered a glass of wine - $14 for my glass of white and I got a really big measure, so was great value compared to other places we visited on our trip. After our meal one of the waitresses took our photo, then the owner gave a print out to use in a frame & signed it - it was an amazing touch! Plus, we got a free dessert platter which my daughter loved! Definitely recommend this restaurant!
Fantastic food and really great service. Perfect for a special occasion! We had 2 times 6 oysters as a starter. Fresh and delicious! The New York strip steak (16oz) was extremely tasty! We also got complimentary mushroom pasta and cakes. Highly recommended!
We have ordered filet miqnon, mac and cheese, fresh fries and a couple of alcohol drinks. Everything was absolutely brilliant. The medium rare filet miqnon was slighly crunchy outside and super soft inside. Served with different sauces and all of them were so damn good. I have to point out the staff, who was so so friendly. I have never experienced such a good treatment about a customer in a restaurant before. Also, the interior is very cozy and nice. Now I know what it is like to be in the best reviewed steakhouse in New York.
We have had dinner tonight at this amazing steak house, and I cannot wait to wright a review. At fisrt, the place sends a message of being vibrant and cosy, with musiciens playing soft jazz and blues. As our experience started, service was precise and extremely attentive; the waiter was caring without excess but in a very simple and polite manner. Nothing different to expect from a restaurant one could say, however, experiences in NYC have not always showed the same. The quality of our dinner has been outstanding: we shared a starter - a crab cake- was extremely fresh and generous. The entree - a porterhouse for two- was perfectly served, at the right temperature, which is not easy when requesting beef to be bleu! Throughout our dinner, the presence and the eye of the owner - Mr Bruno Selimaj - never stopped being there, himself taking personal care of all guests well-being. This is our seventh trip to NYC, without having being able to travel here in the past two years because of COVID, but Club A is an address we will keep in our minds for our next visit: a restaurant you must experience!
Everything was perfect. Our salads were fresh and tasty. The filets were cooked perfectly as ordered. The Mac and cheese was cheesy, and the mashed potatoes were delicious. The servings were generous. The homeade tiramisu, and profiteroles are excellent. The servers were friendly, professional, and attentive. The owner is so kind, and makes sure everything is satisfactory. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. An added bonus on the night we were there, was his sweet, cute grandson who was helping out. This was a perfect place for our first time dining indoors since COVID. We felt totally safe and comfortable. All safety precautions are in place. I highly recommend Club A, you will not be disappointed..
In my 47 years of life, no matter how expensive the restaurants I've ever been to were, I had never before received the level of high quality service and attention I received from the staff and owner at Club A Steakhouse. It was truly out of the ordinary, even for high-end fine dining.The attention to detail they put into everything they do, from the moment the customer walks-into their establishment, explains why and how they've stayed in business for 43 years, in such a demanding city like NYC, where high expectations are the norm in the restaurant industry.The food was nothing less than exquisite and flawless. Each and every dish was cooked to perfection. The filet mignon didn't need any additional sauce or seasoning, to exceed the very high expectations of every taste bud in my mouth.The creamed spinach was undoubtedly, the absolute best companion for the steak, the best spinach dish I've ever had. The mac and cheese was also one of the most delicious, if not the most delicious, I've ever had. The tiramisu tasted so fresh and light, unlike any other of its kind. It was the perfect way to end an unforgettably amazing belated birthday dinner for my partner, which is not an easy person to please.I fell in love with this rare gem of NYC. Not only for its mouth watering, high quality and delicious food, but more importantly, for its unparalleled and unique way of treating their patrons.I will definitely be back to this elegant place with great atmosphere, food and staff, every time I'm in NYC, to experience again, one of the most pleasant dinner evenings I've ever had.I hope Mr. Bruno and his amazing team, continue to successfully provide, countless pleasant dining experiences to all of us, for many decades to come.
Ate here on a Wed night for a business dinner.Everything about the night was excellent.Service – 5 stars. Water glass was never empty. Servers were quick and efficient.Food – delicious.We ordered:Applewood smoked bacon – thick cut. Juicy. Melts in your mouth.Oysters – Blue Point, fresh and just the right amount of brine.Crab Cake – Flavorful, big chunks.Porterhouse – cooked to perfection (rare plus).Bone-in Ribeye – same as above. Every bite of the steak was so good we savored it while sipping on our California Napa Valley red wine.The owner came by our table twice to thank us and make sure everything was perfect.This is a perfect place for a business meal, a date, or a celebratory occasion.Plenty of seating both downstairs and upstairs.For those who want to go solo, there’s a classy bar at the entrance where you dine at.Reservations can be made online easily.Go here and enjoy – you won’t regret it.
We came here as a larger seated party for my brother's birthday, and his wife could not have picked a better restaurant. The atmosphere was dark and romantic (especially for dating!), the live music really set the mood, and the food was absolutely delicious! We started with a few appetizers: oysters, bacon, calamari, a caesar salad. Everyone was wowed. The food was fresh and delectable. We then went onto mains, a couple of porterhouses and the rack of lamb. It was even better than the appetizers! The meat was cooked to perfection and very juicy. We did some sides: creamed spinach, mac and cheese, whipped mashed potatoes, and fries. I was a huge fan of the creamed spinach and wish I had a plate all to myself! The mac and cheese was delightful and the fries were super crispy. We had the birthday plate of dessert and it was all we needed to end the night. An amazing meal all around.I have to mention the staff as well. They catered to our every need, checked up on us constantly, and were very kind. I wish they staffed people like that everywhere, because they were great! I will definitely be visiting this place again and recommend you do as well!
This is my second time at Club A Steakhouse and it will not be my last!I love everything about the restaurant. As soon as you step in, you are welcomed by the warm atmosphere and the snazzy live music. We were welcomed by the hostess and although the place was full we were promptly accommodated. The food is absolutely scrumptious; the oysters are super fresh and the bacon's the best I've ever had. The steak was equally as delicious.I highly recommend this restaurant! Do yourself a favor and go there as it will undoubtedly become a favorite.
We have been here many times, but tonight was the best yet! Our server Nick was exceptional, had great suggestions for wine & was so friendly! As always the food & service was top of the line. This truly is the best steak dinner you can get in NYC. Seafood is always fresh & perfect. Will come back for every special occasion!
I ordered Caesar salad to split with friend. It was so wilted and mushy. Not fresh at all. Ordered the porterhouse steak. Was done to perfection but as I got to middle of steak it was rather tough. I'd give it a 3 out of 5. We were on first floor and it was so noisy you could not hear each other. Plus they had live music. All in all I will not be back nor would I recommend it to friends.
We started with the calamari and crab cakes. They both were a home run. Then we had a beet salad. So fresh. Then the filet and Porterhouse . Perfectly presented. Finished with tiramisu. To die for. I was sorry when it was time to leave....
Came here as part of my 30th Birthday trio and my partner booked this as it was #1 on Tripadvisor - it did not disappoint.... the service was fab and the food was even better. My steak came overdone as I think the waiter heard me wrong but they brought out a new one and we had a complementary desert and limoncello (ok top of the already complementary mushroom ravioli. The steak was superb - so fresh and delicious and the drinks filled continually. A real hidden gem in the centre of Manhattan. Old school vibe with great background music 
I visited this restaurant with my wife whilst visiting New York. The decor and atmosphere in this restaurant is very sophisticated and intimate.We ordered the Club a Royal platter which was a chilled lobster, shrimp and crab which was extremely fresh. To follow we both had a fillet steak, cooked medium rare. This steak was probably the best steak I have ever had. The cook on it was perfect!!We were given a complimentary trio of desserts which were also very nice and unexpected. Our waiter was very attentive and gave us a great recommendation on our wine choice, we could not fault the service. We would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves a good steak, good wine and great service, you won't be disappointed.
Celebrated my birthday in the city, and as of this writing, was rated #3 on TA. From walking in the front with the smell of a freshly seared Porterhouse wafting, a snappy 3 piece Jazz band playing (on a Thursday night!) with songs from the past and soft enough for us to be able to converse, an efficient and friendly bartender who took care of the whole restaurant, the evening was superb! Cocktails and wine, fresh breads, a wonderful Caesar salad and an enormous filet mignonette cooked to perfection, the evening was spectacular! The owner came by as he knew I was celebrating my birthday and brought out a complimentary array of desserts! Hope your mouth is watering! Do your research...believe in TA!
(4.7)We choose to dine here for our last night in New York. The service was friendly, the host suggested we dine upstairs, it was lovely. Fresh roses on every table and deep red decor made the restaurant feel intimate and romantic. We ordered the medium rare hanger steak, Mac and Cheese and Mashed Potatoes. The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly. Quite tender for that cut, I wish we would have ordered one of the more expensive cuts. The Mac and cheese was silky, it had broiled cheese on the top which gave the dish more depth. The creamy mashed potatoes went well with the Au Poivre sauce. We were given complementary bread, mushroom ravioli(which was amazing) AND A DESERT PLATTER! I’ve ate at a lot of nice restaurants but never have I been given an entire desert place for FREE. The only thing I would change is the time in between courses be longer and for the restaurant to be a little cooler in temperature. Great wine selection. I will definitely be recommending this to anyone visiting NYC. 
Nous avions réservé pour fêter nos 20 ans de mariage avec nos enfants Cadre feutré à l étage Service impeccable , e patron sympathique passe de table en table Repas excellent et surprise en fin de repas avec une assiette de dessert et une photo souvenir de cette belle soirée Nous espérons revenir un jour !
We came for dinner. The tables are very beautiful. The employees are very concerned, their meat is very good and the portions are very satisfying. I recommend rib eye meat for you. The owner was a very kind and caring gentleman, thank you for everything.
Posto consigliato da un caro amico, non ha di certo deluso le aspettative! Location top, carne eccellente, consiglio di prendere la NY Strip (senza osso)!
Abbiamo cenato in questa steack house dopo aver letto le eccellenti recensioni. Recensioni che confermiamo. Siamo stati trattati fin dal nostro ingresso al ristorante come dei principi. Il locale e' estremamente curato, il servizio ed il personale professionale e preparato ed il cibo ottimo. Abbiamo preso un filetto, una bistecca americana, 1 insalata e 2 hamburger serviti con patatine. Al tavolo portano il cestino di pane, acqua in bicchiere e offrono un assaggio di dolce alla fine. Prezzi nella media a New York che in questo caso abbiamo speso molto volentieri. Siamo usciti dal locale con il sorriso ed abbiamo concluso in bellezza il nostro viaggio a New York.
The best place I have been to in the last couple of years! Food is amazing! Staff is absoluetly extraordinary!
Ieri sera sono tornato per la terza volta in questo ristorante. La gentilezza, disponibilità e preparazione dei proprietari e del personale associati a ottimo cibo per me ne fanno il miglior ristorante di new york
Nous sommes allés aubclub A steakhouse pour souligner nos 10 ans de mariage. Nous avons été reçu comme des VIP, le service est d'une qualifiée exceptionnel avec personnalisation par le propriétaire lui-même qui s'assure que nous passons un bon moment!La carte des vins est riches et variées, le steak était fabuleux avec cuisson parfaite, nous sommes sortis de ce restaurant pleinement rassasié !Le service est digne des grands restaurants et le propriétaire est sans contredit la cerise sur le sundae!Merci encore!
Das Lokal nimmt an der New York Restaurant Week teil, so sind wir auf das Club A Steakhouse aufmerksam geworden. Die im Rahmen dieser Week angebotenen Menüs bieten ein sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis. Ich hatte Cesar Salad, ein großes Filet Mignon mit einer Beilage sowie eine Dessertvariation von Tiramisu/Profiteroles/Schokoladetorte zu 60 Dollar (ohne Getränke, Tax, Trinkgeld). Das Filet medium rare gegart war zum Niederknien gut (und hätte a-la-carte schon über 60 Dollar gekostet). Der Service hätte etwas aufmerksamer sein können, doch das wurde durch die Gastfreundlichkeit der Besitzer mehr als wett gemacht. Der Seniorchef und sein Sohn drehten immer wieder Runden im Lokal und kümmerten sich um die Gäste.
Many folks go for the steak. I a piece as the wife had a steak. I got a burger which was very awesome. The staff were great and super warm and welcoming. Definitely will be visiting again. 
Abbiamo trovato questo ristorante grazie a Tripadvisor e la nostra esperienza è stata davvero eccellente! Ci hanno accolti calorosamente e seguiti durante tutta la cena…cibo ottimo e servizio da 6 stelle!!Super consigliato!
We returned to this restaurant after 4 years and the reception was fantastic! The steak is cooked beautifully, and the owner was passing between tables to make sure the customers were satisfied. The service is top notch (great waiters!) as is the quality of the meat. The girl at the reception asked us if this was the first time we went to their restaurant...answering that we had been there 4 years before and that we were from Switzerland, at the time of dessert they took a souvenir photo with a dedication and offered us desserts with a dedication in the side dish! Wonderful! This restaurant cares about their customers...and they show it in every single detail. Recommended to everyone visiting NYC...a unique experience. You will not regret it!
Un restaurant qui mérite sa place de 1er. Le personnel est très aimable et la viande est succulente. Tout était parfait.
Atendimento 10! Linda decoração do restaurante! Super agradável acompanhado de um Jazz. Pratos com boa apresentação! Saborosos. Vinhos top! Somente a sobremesa deveria ter mais variedades sem muita massa chantilly!
Ieri sera abbiamo mangiato benissimo in questo bel ristorante. Grande professionalità da parte del personale e del proprietario, con il quale abbiamo conversato per qualche minuto ed è semplice capire perché le cose vanno bene in un ristorante: l’esperienza di una persona che fa questo mestiere da 50 anni, semplicemente, conta. Carne tenerissima e cucinata alla perfezione, patate semplicemente perfette, ottimo il dolce. Conto in linea con il locale, il luogo e la qualità dei prodotti. Complimenti.
The steaks were outstanding! Perfectly cooked, tender and flavourful. The service was wonderful. In fact, the owner checked on us several times to make sure everything was to our liking. It was a pleasure going to an establishment that truly appreciates its customers. We will go again!
הייתי ממש מופתע מהאיכות של השירות והמוצרים של העסק הזה. הם ממש הפתיעו אותי באדיבותם, בזמינותם, ובמקצועיות שלהם. המחירים היו נוחים והמוצרים היו מעולים!
Another wonderful dinner at Club A. The steak was cooked perfectly, was tender, and certainly delicious. Service was impeccable. This is our go to steakhouse in NYC. Cannot more highly recommend it!
Ristorante molto elegante, atmosfera calda, personale impeccabile, cortese e veloce. Infine come non ringraziare il proprietario Sig. Bruno, un vero padrone di casa, gentile ed ospitale. Carne ottima e abbondante, cocktail originali e ben fatti. Dolci squisiti. Da provare!!!
The service offered by Club A was not just exceptional but prestigious. All 3 courses of food staggered our taste buds. Our personal favorite sides was the creamed spinach and Mac and cheese. Main course the Hanger Steak and especially Filet Mignon had the crunch on outskirts and flavor all throughout. The setting is beautiful and staff couldn't be nicer... STRONGLY Recommend!
It is not often we revisit a restaurant particularly in New York where there is so much choice. Our first visit in 2014, from the UK to the Big Apple and Club A Steakhouse was exceptional, so too the revisit last night. Superb food and customer service. It was a pleasure to see the humble owner who remembered us from the first visit. It was a privilege to dine there once againThank you
Very good service and atmosphere. We’ve been coming here for years for my husband’s birthday, but this visit wasn’t memorable as our previous visits.Salmon tartare appetizer was more like a mousse and tasteless except for the salmon pearls.Steak was disappointing, it was okay but not excellent.My burger was overcooked and dry…but the fries were excellent.They did make special birthday treats…lovely mushroom ravioli, lovely dessert and took a celebration photo 
My brother and I came to eat at this incredible place. The delicious entries, Diego's service was excellent, super friendly and good vibes. From the moment you enter the place you feel the friendliness of the employees. It is the best cut of meat I have ever eaten in my life. if i could give it 1000 stars i would.
Walked I off the street with my wife and twin 5 year old boys looking for good meat and mashed potatoes.Bruno met us and said you're in the right place and you're very welcome.The whole experience from start to finish was warm and welcoming in beautiful restaurant.Staff were attentive, service great and food was excellent.Ribeye steak on the bone, NY strip, mashed and baked potatoes were all excellent.Bruno who owns the restaurant since 1978 was extremely nice.We got beautiful mushroom ravioli and a beautiful medley of dessert complimentary for our first visit.We even got a family photo taken and put in a personalized card from Bruno.Class restaurant, class food, class staff and a classy owner.Thanks Bruno, until next time.
Went to Club A Steakhouse for my birthday with my wife, daughter and her friends. They sang Happy Birthday to me when I walked in AND before my specialty dessert. The food was out of this world! Everything all of us ordered was so delicious. Service was impeccable! Ambiance was very upscale and classy. Without a doubt I would 110% recommend this restaurant. Can't wait for our next trip to NY so we can make a return visit! Thank You Club A Steakhouse for an incredible Birthday Celebration!
I was taken here by my wife and friends a few years ago for a birthday weekend and it is still the most memorable dinner I had in the city. Everything was perfect and I still dream about the tiramisu! 
Fue bien la comida y la compañía todo correcto el servicio muy amable , lo precios de acuerdo a la calidad 
First Class Service along with a delectable culinary experience!!!We were greeted by the owner, Bruno, and one of his three sons who all work in the family business. We were there to celebrate my daughter’s MD residency completion. Bruno escorted us to our table and visited with us several time thru out the evening. He and the waitstaff were attentive to all our needs, answered questions and did not rush us in any way. My wife and I shared the 20 oz bone in ribeye, my daughter ordered the filet. Others in our party had the strip steak, Chilean sea bass, and hangar steak; all of which were remarkable. Toward the end of our experience, our waiter came over with a real camera and took a photo with our group and Bruno, and within five minutes Bruno brought the photo back on a card which he signed for my daughter!! (Who does that?!)Overall, it was one of the best meals I’ve had anywhere, and undoubtedly the best service!!If you visit New York and want an unforgettable dining experience, Club A Steakhouse is a MUST!!!
We visit Bruno in his restaurant now for 8 years. Initially at his Lincoln Square Steak House and now since several years at his Club A restaurant. And all these visits were marked by superb service, top food quality and nice chats with Bruno… and not to forget the yummy - free of charge - desert ! And all of that also all the way through the tough Covid-19 days…The décor of the restaurant is unique and the service was never ever pushy as in most other steakhouses in NYC.We relocate back to Europe in few days and this was - for the time being - our last visit. Thank you Bruno - and also big congratulations for the outstanding restaurant you and your family have established. We have always looked forward to come to the “Red Restaurant”.We’ll be back !
Amo la carne! Vivo a NYC da qualche anno e di steakhouse ne ho provate più di una. La mia esperienza da Club A è stata INDIMENTICABILE. La vera protagonista è stata la carne: la “porterhouse” e la “hanger steak” si scioglievano in bocca. Ottimi sono stati anche gli antipasti e i dolci in chiusura. Il ristorante ha un ottimo servizio di bar ed una carta dei vini importante. Il locale ha un fascino che ti porta indietro nel tempo e la musica jazz suonata dal vivo ha creato un’atmosfera da film.Il signor Bruno è un egregio padrone di casa ed un gentiluomo di altri tempi. Tutto lo staff ha dato un servizio impeccabile e molto attento ad ogni dettaglio.Club A, una vera steakhouse newyorkese con un cuore “kuq e zi”❤️🖤
Here I am again at my favorite steakhouse,each every time I dine at clubA steakhouse, it keeps getting better and better, food is really delicious and service is polite and professional, owner Bruno is one of a kind host , looking forward to coming back again!
Came with a Groupon as it had such good reviews. A watered down menu but we expected that and really good value as included a bottle of wine. The food was amazing, beautifully cooked steak and creamed potatoes, no greens or vegetables though and we weren’t offered any even as an extra which we’d have happily paid for. Beautiful decor and place, and waiting staff friendly enough BUT I’d read so many good reviews on the owner being really friendly etc, unfortunately not the case for us! He greeted us without even a smile, asked us for the voucher(fair enough) took us to our table and then not a word after even though we saw him smiling and and chatting with every other customer after us, we felt a bit awkward! It was my Birthday and didn’t feel we could say so. Again I will re enforce the food was beautiful, but we didn’t feel very welcome
We have ordered filet miqnon, mac and cheese, fresh fries and a couple of alcohol drinks. Everything was absolutely brilliant. The medium rare filet miqnon was slighly crunchy outside and super soft inside. Served with different sauces and all of them were so damn good. I have to point out the staff, who was so so friendly. I have never experienced such a good treatment about a customer in a restaurant before. Also, the interior is very cozy and nice. Now I know what it is like to be in the best reviewed steakhouse in New York.
The best steakhouse that I have ever been. The quality of the food and the taste is above and beyond. Porter House was to die for and they also have amazing seafood selections.The wine list and cocktail menu are the best as well.Highly recommend Club A.
Firade min mans 50-års dag här och nu även 60-års dag. Vi kommer tillbaka om 10 år. Fantastiskt mat och service. Fira era födelsedagar här så blir ni nöjda.
Went whilst in NY from uk for our 25th wedding anniversary, absolutely fantastic service, food was awesome and plentiful, complimentary dessert was a surprise and very welcome. Highly recommend this place and if in NY again, we will be back 
We had reservations and were seated immediately. Our seats were up stairs, so if your party has mobility issues, you may want to mention it at reservations so they plan to seat downstairs. Thick cut bacon-order it. We had 4 cuts of beef at our table and all were cooked as asked and so tender you could have skipped the knives. The service was great and it was a perfect place for a date or small group. 
Wow 🤩 from the minute we arrived from the moment we left the service is amazing. The owner who has owns it even greets you!. The steak is the best I have ever tasted!! This meal was just out of this world. 
This is the place you want to go to for an exceptional steak dinner. Everything about this restaurant is great, the food, the service, the environment, and the hospitality. Excellent location as well, this place is a work of art there aren’t many restaurants like it.
What can be said that hasn't been said already about the food,service,owner,etc?! Just a wonderful experience. The owner actually followed us outside and talked to us about our cruise! But one thing for sure is request to sit upstairs in the front room! (You can thank me later!) We can't wait to come back again!
Just visited this restaurant for the first time have to say we were blown away by the food and also the exceptional staff and also the owner who was on the floor at all times and so friendly . The steak was cooked to perfection and the staff were on top of their game at all times so if we weren’t going back in a couple of days we would certainly return top class ,
The food, ambience and service was unbelievable... We had the ribeye and strip along with an abundance of sides - absolute perfection. I've never left a review before but after visiting Club A, I had to leave one. Thank you for making our short trip from London memorable 
Una delicia los dulces y pasteles de aquí, me encanta como atienden bien a sus clientes, siempre están atentos
Excelente lugar, siempre es una garantía, la comida deliciosa y la atención aún mejor, de verdad el mejor Steakhouse de Nueva York!
Abbiamo scelto questo posto perchè incuriositi da una recensione letta..Il proprietario del locale, persona elegante e distinta un vero gentleman, ci accoglie in maniera perfetta . Il locale è elegante con un'atmosfera retrò dovuta anche alle pareti tappezzate da foto rigorosamente in bianco e nero dei clienti top che hanno fatto tappa da lui. Il pezzo forte è la cucina e l'ottima cantina che ovviamente guarda con particolare attenzione alla produzione USA ma non disdegna di avere anche altre etichette internazionali. Da non perdere la carne. Sublime sia il prodotto che la preparazione. Un locale in cui torneremo sempre volentieri e che consiglio. A presto
Fantastic food and really great service. Perfect for a special occasion! We had 2 times 6 oysters as a starter. Fresh and delicious! The New York strip steak (16oz) was extremely tasty! We also got complimentary mushroom pasta and cakes. Highly recommended!
The best steak ever, this place really knows how to cook steak to perfection. I enjoy my steak cooked rare and my wife enjoys hers cooked medium rare. Quite often we end up with the same, however this place knows the difference and got the times spot on. Perfectly cooked, seasoned and well presented. Great service and fairly priced. We highly recommend this restaurant. 
Had the best meal Iv had in New York. Was recommended to go here’s by my wife’s friend and she was 100% correct to do so.Bruno and the staff go out of their road to look after you and the food was amazing. Easily beat NY Strip steak in New York.I simply can’t recommend this place highly enough.
Great experience at club A steakhouse, the food were very delicious I ordered crab cake as starter and medium well rib-eye steak it came exactly as I wanted . The service were excellence. The owner came to check if every things is ok. This restaurant since 45 yrs if you’re in New York do not miss it, you may need yo reserve . Definitely will come again 
I've been to club A a few times and each visit is better than the last. Bruno and his 3 sons are always there to welcome me and remember every detail from my last dinner with them. The mom and pop vibe is very unique for this level of fine dining experience. They really make you feel like you are part of the family. The thick cut bacon is one of the best appetizers that I have had in years. The porterhouse is phenomenal and the mac and cheese is delicious.
Ristorante arredato magnificamente in stile retrò con luci soffuse rosse. La specialità è la carne, i camerieri ed il proprietario sono molto simpatici e ti sanno consigliare e mettere a proprio agio. In 2: Prime Porterhouse (stesso taglio della fiorentina) per 2, patata al forno, purè, acqua 2 calici di vino, 2 caffè e piatto di dolci offerti 233$ Prezzi nella media di New York, la carne era davvero molto buona e di ottima qualità. Consigliatissimo se avete voglia di mangiare un'ottima bistecca.
WE had the crabcake and the club A hamburger, both amazing. As Paris, France residents we know great food and this is definitely great food.Ambiance like a home dining room, with polite friendly and proficient staff. They kindly accomodated us with our 2 small children. We very warmly recommend Club A Steakhouse.
los mejores postres que he probado en mucho tiempo, los pasteles tienen un sabor muy único y el lugar es hermoso
Uff estos postres son una delicia, me volví loco desde el primer momento y ahora no puedo dejar de venir a degustar mi paladar con tan ricos dulces
I celebrated my 30th birthday dinner there and they went above and beyond any expectations I had. The atmosphere was cozy and inviting. The service was superb. The filet mignon was the best I ever had and was cooked to perfection. We were lucky enough to have the owner be there and got to meet him. Great guy. 10/10 recommend and would come back.
Club A steakhouse never disappoints!From the beet salad to the filet mignon to the cream puffs, everything was nothing but delicious! Not the mention the amazing staff and owner Bruno, always making all guests feel welcomed. I would most definitely recommend Club A for any celebration or even a casual weekday dinner!
My boyfriend and are were looking so forward to eating at Club A before the show and were both so dissappointed. Did they just change ownership? The majority of the reviews are excellent. All I can say is that I give this place a poor review. Food only fair. Groupon Menu was not the same as what the Groupon Site showed. I give it 0 stars if I could.
I fell in love with the food of this restaurant, it really is very rich and its service really enchanted me, highly recommended!!
Faultless. The staff were so accommodating around us being late for our reservation. The porterhouse steak was cooked to perfection. Our waiter was extremely helpful in recommending the perfect bottle of wine and some bars for a nightcap after. I would not hesitate to recommend Club A Steakhouse to anyone visiting New York City
We loved our porterhouse; the wine was excellent, as was the service, and the ambience was great too. A really good experience.
Der Service ist super. Das Essen ist super. Wir kommen bei jedem Besuch von NY hier vorbei. Die Qualität des Essens ist einfach mega. Zudem wird man beim Dessert positiv überrascht.
Solo visit, late (9pm) on a Sunday evening, precooked. UK based steak lover, global foodie. I can’t help but be a little disappointed. At time of writing this is the number 1 rated restaurant in New York according to the Tripadvisor algorithm. That sets a huge expectation in New York, for steak, for a steak lover. The brutal truth is that I’m not sure this is the best steak restaurant in the Upper East Side, let alone the best restaurant in New York. I am a huge steak eater, in all senses of the word. I regularly take down steaks in excess of 1.5kg / 52oz, and have eaten steak all around the world. I ordered the porterhouse on the waiter’s recommendation, and as I commonly do, I order the double / two person size. I was hoping for melt in the mouth tenderloin (fillet) and the tastiest strip (sirloin). What I got was neither. The tenderloin had more than a couple of chewy bits, and the strip was lacking in taste. The whole steak was lacking in seasoning and flavour. Also, pet hate, it had been pre-cut and incorrectly rearranged back on the serving plate. Add to the mix a poor quality mush of dessert (albeit free), and a feeling of being rushed out the restaurant despite being well before closing and I’m getting less happy. Happiness is the gap between expectation and reality. If I’d stumbled across this place hungry and with no knowledge of their #1 rating, I’d be reasonably OK with what I received. As it is, it’s $250 I won’t see again, particularly painful when I can get a better, bigger steak for half the price in Gaucho or Hawksmoor in London, I’m left with more buyers remorse than I would want.
 I visited this restaurant with my girlfriend for dinner. We were both disappointed about the quality of our order. We ordered the 10oz filet mignon. The meat was overcooked and tasteless. 
The owner and the staff were total professionals. The servers were warm and friendly. The food was delicious and the atmosphere is cozy.
Our dinner was absolute perfection. My husband had the bone in rib eye and I had the sea bass which was cooked perfectly. The service was above par as well. Highly recommend!
Exceptional steakhouse in Upper East Side Manhattan, certainly among the very best steakhouses in the City. Steaks ante great, music is great, bar is great. Operated by skilled restauranteur Bruno Selina's, who will personally oversee your meal and experience. Highest rating. 
Valgte ut restauranten basert på trip advisor sin rating men desverre så var biffen seig, tilbehøret smakløst, hamburgeren var tørr pomes frites var seig. Servicen var god, mange kelnere på jobb. Prisen stod ikke i stil til kvalieten
excellent meal!! I was there a week ago because a friend recommended it to me and I was delighted with the service!!
We visited New York over the weekend, and we chose to give Clun A Steakhouse a try. It was the most wonderful experience ever! The food was great, but the service was AMAZING! Even though the restaurant was full you felt like your table was private. The attention to detail was awesome. We will definitely be back on our future visits.
Amazing steaks and bone ribs or dinner. The server and cook accomodated my requests to make changes that made my meal perfect. I liked the casual atmosphere. Overall experience is great!
Club A steakhouse never disappoints. My family travels from Boston to Manhattan a couple times per year just to come to this restaurant. It really is worth it. My two sons, ages 17 & 15, both agree that this is the the best steakhouse on the East Coast. My wife and I agree. The steaks are unbelievably good…if you are from Boston, think Grill 23, Coach grill, Abe & Louie’s…only better. Much better. The service is impeccable and the wine list is strong. We love it. We will be back again. Thanks to Bruno and team for an amazing experience.
Bellissima atmosfera, cibo ottimo, servizio eccellente! Sicuramente torneremo! Ci siamo sentiti a casa! Consigliatissimo!
OTTIMO DAVVEROottima cena in questo ristorante una cucina superlativa con piatti ben curati , ci ha servito Nick , ottima conoscenza grande professionalità , lo consiglio vivamente .
Fantastic food very very tasty. Very friendly staff. My first time at Club A Steakhouse. But definitely not my last. I would like to highly recommend.
I had high expectations for Club A based on the very good reviews on Google and Yelp. And although good, I'm not sure if the restaurant deserves THAT much high praise. We ordered the oysters, bacon, porterhouse for two, creamed spinach, and mashed potatoes. Personally, the oysters and bacon were ok, oysters were not the freshest but they were big! I did enjoy the steak, it was juicy and cooked well. The mashed potatoes and creamed spinach were good as well.
Ce restaurant mérite bien sa place dans le top de tripadvisor. La viande est excellente, cuisson parfaite. Le personnel tres sympathique et de bon conseil. C’etait en plus la NYC restaurant week : menu a 60 $ entree plat dessert. Un très bon moment!
We visited this restaurant on New Year’s Eve, whilst on holiday from England. The whole experience, food, service, atmosphere was incredible. My wife and I had the prime NY strip, which was cooked to perfection and tasted out of this world. My three children had cheeseburgers and chips and were equally as happy with the quality. The staff went above and beyond throughout our visit and nothing was too much trouble for them. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anybody wanting a high quality dining experience in NYC. 10/10
What a wonderful restaurant! Food was amazing and a kind, extremely attentive staff. Took my wife for her birthday! It was great and I would highly recommend. Bruno (owner) thanked us multiple times for selecting his restaurant for her special day. Even offered to let us wait inside while we waited for our driver. Not to mention the complimentary mushroom ravioli and a whole plate of deserts! 5 stars!
This place is really what it says it is. Amazing hospitality, something you will not encounter in any other restaurant not only in NY or North America, very rare in Europe. We were welcomed as family. We immediately felt that this in not a typical steakhouse or a restaurant which we normally see in NY so eat take your bill and off you go, next one. The owner takes every free moment of his time, which he spends on welcoming guests, to check how everyone is doing and if everything goes well at the tables. You really feel like you are at your family dinner. Food is delicious. One of the best steaks we had in our travels to North America. Very nice wine card with a wide range to choose your favorite one. And the staff will never allow that your glass is empty 😊. To the owner Bruno and the whole staff, thank you for having us on 23rd Dec, we felt very good there and whenever we come back to NY for sure we are going to revisit your restaurant.
Without a doubt one of the best steak restaurants we have visited, the food was only surpassed by the incredible Service. We shall return when we are next in NYC, thankyou to the whole team and keep up the great servicePaula and Eddie
Just had a few days in New York and as we visited here a few years ago, we wanted to dine here again. The first visit was just my wife and I, this time we went with my brother and his wife as we told them they will not have a steak anywhere better than Club A. The whole dining experience is absolutely first class, from being greeted and throughout the whole evening. The service is spot on, the food is perfection. If you want a memorable evening dining out, this is the only place to go. We couldn’t recommend this restaurant highly enough. In a word “Perfect “
We read the reviews and bought the Groupon to use for our NYC visit. The decor is lovely here. The service is smooth and quiet. Not at all like the hustle and bustle of the big name steak places. We were offered our choice of wine bottles between cab Sauvignon and Pinot Grigio. The cab was quite good. Overall the food was good but the service and experience was the real star. They did a wonderful job with a surprise dessert for my girlfriend and that was the greatest thing of the whole meal. They also take a lovely photo of you and it's presented to you when you leave in a little folder.The Groupon is a great value if you eat moderately. For the big appetite you may need to add some more things.
I was looking for a steakhouse not far from home to take my partner for a special dinner to celebrate an achievement. Google spat out Club A. I expected good, but I somehow did not expect great… Boy, was I wrong. Firstly, the food was super good and delicious! This was exactly what I was looking for.Secondly, the service was outstanding. They went above and beyond to make us feel welcome. The maître-d learned that our dinner was special and on top of “on the house” mushroom ravioli, 3 types of desserts and shots of limoncello, they also took a picture of us, which they then printed and gave us in a souvenir folder to remember the whole thing by.We will definitely return, and most likely regularly.P.S. Vaccination was required and they DID check it thoroughly.
We go to NYC once or twice a year and we always eat here when we visit. The steak here is terrific, a quality cut and prepared to order. While the prices are substantial, I can say that every large chain charges more for the same quantity and I think this restaurant serves better food. The atmosphere here is amazing. The upstairs front room gives a nice view out a large window or a good view of the whole room. The style is old school, old world, not in your face, just when you want them, properly pacing your meal. Bruno, the owner, usually greets every diner at every table. I have been here about a dozen times in the last five years, last trip was last Saturday night and it always lives up to my past great memories. There are a few other (very pleasant) surprises about this wonderful restaurant, but you will have to go yourself to see them.
Came to dinner for valentines night with my girlfriend and couldn’t be happier with the food and service. Whole restaurant was decorated and even gave my date a ballon. Nice touch and A+++ restaurant all the way. 
Amazing dinner Experience with great hospitality. We tried Club A Steakhouse for the first time during our New York City visit on New Year’s Eve, our experience by far has been great, from the live band, excellent food, great service , complimentary dessert and warm ambiance. The staff took a picture of us and handed over a picture card signed by the owner, who was around the whole night to make sure everyone is happy. Well done to the whole team, we will definitely come back to it.
Visited 3rd Oct with friends for 50th birthday.The whole experience was excellent from start to finish. You are greeted by an illuminated tree outside that invites you in to a pleasant bar with live jazz playing all night. We were greeted by the owner who was pleasant all evening.A credit to his establishment.We were seated upstairs in a booth to the front.Arguably the nicest area with a large window view framed by the lit tree.Food was excellent and well presented.I always like a mid course unexpected dish as well.Steak was delicious but did beat me at the end.We did have a selection of birthday deserts (presented to my friend) which we managed as a group and was a nice finishing touch along with a presented birthday photograph.The staff even escorted us to the corner and flagged us a taxi at the end of the night.Really pleased with my choice and would highly recommend 
Visited this steakhouse alone for dinner. I was 45 mins early and managed to get seated immediately. The waiter recommended some dishes which I had, crabcake to start, porterhouse steak for main. The steak comes on a hot plate and they transfer it onto your plate, the fillet to the steak was like butter to cut and tasted lovely. The other side was ok.The food was great maybe 4/5 however the service made my experience as 6/5! While waiting for my main, I received a complementary mushroom risotto from the chef and after the mains I got a complementary dessert with my bill. Even though I was stuffed I ate the whole tiramisu with something else on the side, don't know what it was but it was a cream filled pastry. So light and fluffy! I am not a fan of tiramisu usually but this one was perfect! Right amount of coffee and alcohol and not overpowering like they normally are.It was a pricey meal, my bill was $115 including a gin and tonic for $26!!! Considering all the other complementary dishes I received, the service and the taste of the food I was happy to pay. 
I came here from the UK for my Mrs' 30th, it was such a good decision. i spent a long time looking for the perfect restaurant for her and it didnt disappoint. the service was brilliant, the staff were really friendly from when we walked through the door and the attention to detail was something special. The food was AMAZING, the best steak ive ever had! my mrs thought the same thing!! the manager took a picture of us and signed it and wished her happy birthday with a cake and dessert, the whole evening was made so special for her. if i go new york again i would definately go here. i would also highly recommend here for anyone visiting New York 
This is rated so highly for a reason! We have just spent a whole evening here enjoying dinner and drinks... The restaurant itself is beautiful- decorated so as to create a very relaxed atmosphere. Staff are so professional - I don’t think I have ever experienced such attentiveness and their knowledge of the menu was excellent! They are all well turned out and work extremely hard for their customers. The food - outstanding! All of it! I have never had such a large steak, nor have I had a more succulent steak! Bar staff were very engaging, funny and we thoroughly enjoyed a very strong drink after our delicious meal. We weren’t rushed at all, in fact we were encouraged to stay. We felt very valued and I can not recommend this beautiful restaurant highly enoughatmosphere. Staff are so professional - I don’t think I have ever experienced such attentiveness and their knowledge of the menu was excellent! They are all well turned out and work extremely hard for their customers. The food - outstanding! All of it! I have never had such a large steak, nor have I had a more succulent steak! Bar staff were very engaging, funny and we thoroughly enjoyed a very strong drink after our delicious meal. We weren’t rushed at all, in fact we were encouraged to stay. We felt very valued and I can not recommend this beautiful restaurant highly enough
The steaks at Club A Steakhouse are pure and simply marvelous! I had the Prime Double Eagle Strip Bone-In 24oz, medium-rare. And I must say that I have never eaten a steak that was cooked to this level of perfection!You also get a small starter, and the dessert is on the house. There are ok but not more. The wine on glass was limited, and the recommended Cabernet Sauvignon was just a tiny bit above average.The service is friendly but a little slow.I would recommend this restaurant, just for the perfect steak!
My girlfriend enjoyed the butchers feast along side the farmers basket. Top class food and service, would recommend this to anyone that loves proper meat and that can eat a lot of food. Not expensive if you consider the amount of food you receive. Also the bartender at this place is pure class, the drinks he made was outstanding.
The ambiance and vibe is pure New York from the moment you enter. Live jazz band set up on the boundary of the bar and lower dining room. The restaurant has low ceilings and is done in a red decor with photos covering the walls. You know instantly you are in New York Suggest you start with the bar. bartender was friendly and the drinks were very good. We had a amazing dinner starting with the bacon which I highly recommend. We split a porterhouse for 2 and it was served on the sizzling plate. The meat is dry aged in house for 4 to 5 weeks and carry’s great flavor. Service was amazing. Thoroughly enjoyed the evening and highly recommend this restaurant.
We came here on our honeymoon and the place was absolutely amazing. We had a lovely window seat that overlooked the street and the trees outside were all lit up beautifully so it had a very romantic feel to it. The steak was pure perfection, the best we've ever had anywhere else in the world. Lovely red wine and the service was impeccable. Our waiter arranged for a complimentary plate of desserts as it was also my birthday. We told the owner we'd found the restaurant on TripAdvisor and he gave us a free round of drinks on the house as well. Highly recommend!
We ate here because of the reviews and it was also our anniversary as well as 9/11 evening, The Rib Eye was awesome, my wifes Filet Mignon was tender as could be, the staff were johnny on it for service, what was most surprising was the owner, he made several stops to our table ot see if everything was ok and wish us a happy anniversary , who does that anymore, I will tell you who. someone who still cares about people, this guy was super friendly. We had the Mac & Cheese, this was to die for, the baked potatoe was huge, glad we shared one, the drinks, OMG you could taste the Vodka, it actual was a real drink, like the old days, when a bartender was a bartender. What can I say but pure class and who without doubt go back to this place again and again. Good thing we live in CA or we would be regulars
The staff were charming, polite, and immediately placed us at ease. It was a pure fluke that the restaurant happened to be the second most popular restaurant in NY on Trip Advisor, but no surprise, the only surprise is that it wasn't Número Uno! It doesn't pretend to be Haute Cuisine, or Cordon Bleu however if meat is your thing, then Club A is the place to be! The filet mignon and the Ribeye were unforgettable, and without doubt the finest steak we had ever tasted, and with over four decades of visiting amazing restaurants please take that as our unreserved endorsement for this wonderful restaurant. It had a delightful ambience, playing Motown melodies, delightful. The tables were slightly too close for an intimate conversation with your partner, but when it's this good you have to squeeze people in. Go soon, book early and enjoy the exemplary service, hospitality and steaks!
Dined here with my wife and daughter on our first night in NY and desperately wanted to score a 5 but my wife insisted it should be a 4 because my starter was not perfect (based on my feedback and not hers - that will teach me!). If I could have scored a 4.5 I would have! As you would expect 2 days after Christmas the venue was busy but well staffed. On arrival we checked our coats in and were seen to a nicely positioned table for three with ample space and no feeling of crowding - we were seated upstairs. Our waiter throughout was attentive, friendly and polite and it was great to see the owner `walking the floor' and engaging with guests throughout the evening (happy to talk to us about where he sources his beef from <Nebraska> and clearly very passionate about his business and feedback from his customers). My daughter and I had the 16oz Filet Mignon, butterfly seared at the waiter's suggestion, with Bernaise Sauce and three sides of Sauteed Asparagus, Yukon Potatoe Puree and Onion Rings and we both agreed the steaks were absolutely perfect [if you forgive the fact we had them served medium to well being our preference]; pefectly cooked, full of flavour, melt-in-the-mouth - the best we have had and the reason I chose this restaurant for our first meal even though we were eating at 2am UK time! My wife had the Lobster Ravioli, which she also thoroughly enjoyed commenting the lobster taste was prominent and not just token. We were treated to a medley of deserts on-the-house consisting of Carrot Cake, Profiteroles and Tiramisu, all very tasty and more so through the complimentry gesture! Now for my minor gripe that prevented me from scoring a 5 ... I had Crab Cakes for a starter and whilst there was more Crab Meat in them than you could shake a stick at, they had been pan fried with the coating tasting just that little bit burned; enough to add a taste that didn,t entirely spoil them but enough to offset the perfect and substantial filling of tasty pure crab meat (not filled out with other inexpensive ingredients). In hindsight, I should have said something to the waiter and I am sure they would have addressed but I was tired having been up for 20+ hour having arrived in NY that day. Anyway, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal and this was a minor gripe that otherwise would have been perfection, certainly the steak remains just that. On a final note, we had booked online at the restaurant's web site and were provided with a $15 discount voucher but we didn't use it on the basis that a.) We felt it would have been `cheap' to do so in such a quality restaurant and b.) the complimentary deserts were unexpected and well received. If you want the voucher book direct! With two pre-dinner drinks, a glass of Malbec, a large Amaretto and an Americano Coffe the bill came to $265 including an 18% gratuity; the equivalent of c. GBP165, which we consider good value for the overall experience and quality. All-in-all a great meal, perfect steak which we just can't get in the UK to the same standard - we would absolutely dine here gain.
We went to dinner on 12/7/13 at 8 pm. I had read the reviews prior to coming to NYC and was very excited to experience a wonderful steak dinner. We are from Chgo, so we know good steak We arrived a bit early and sat at the bar and ordered a drink. We loved the ambience of the bar area. Its small but so nice. The decorations for Christmas were beautiful as well. Got us in the spirit. About 10 mins later, the Hostess told us our table was ready.We were escorted upstairs and to the front by the windows. We love having views. So we were very happy to sit there. The trees outside were lit up so the block looked so pretty from our seat. My daughter said this street reminded her of Oak Street in Chgo. She was right. Both beautiful areas to visit when in NY or Chgo. The waiter was great. Again, very attentive but never bothersome. He got our bread right away. We each ordered a salad. I had the tomatoes with bacon and my daughter had the caesar. The salads were so delicious. I couldn't keep my daughters fork from nabbing my bacon pieces. She loves her bacon. They were big delicious pieces.Then we each ordered the Filet Mignon. That was pure heaven. We have never seen a filet this BIG in our lives from any good steak restaurant in Chgo. We ordered them medium and they came to us perfectly done. The owner came around at this point and asked us why we Chgo girls would come to his steak house when we come from the land of steak houses. We told him how we read all the wonderful reviews of his restaurant and wanted to try it. We were not disappointed. In fact, now that we are back in Chgo, we are disappointed because we know we can never match that type of filet here at any good steak restaurant. We ordered a two sides, mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts with bacon, of course!! Both very yummy.The owner came over frequently and is a very kind and very attentive to his patrons. He is very proud of his restaurant and he should be. This was the best ever steak restaurant we have ever been to.He is also one proud Grandpa. He showed us pictures of his beautiful granddaughter which we so enjoyed seeing. We will have to keep dreaming about the delicious steak we ate there. We shall be back!!!!
We had a wonderful dinner here celebrating my husband's retirement...from California. The staff couldn't have been more gracious or attentive, including Bruno, who brought his Grandchild over to meet us. From the elaborate carafe's to the wonderful wines, to the delicious dinner, it was all excellent. We especially appreciated the extra's we were offered, both side dishes and desserts. The steak was the best we have had ever, and that includes world travel dining.The atmosphere is pure New York City...cosy, beautiful and inviting. We will return!
I went to NY for period of 8 days.Purpose: wining and dining and of course spot of shopping. I was suggested many restaurants and one of them Club A Steakhouse. I was told its a fantastic experience and I should support co-patriots.Now I don't want you to think that I am bias, on the contrary, just because of that I am harsh critic.Food: I must admit I am not a big lover of the steak. Some 15 years ago I had a fantastic experience in S.A.and since then no Steak was coming close...until I came here. Boy, was that Steak melting in my mouth. I will apologize not to describe the rest of the dishes as they all were delicious, but my brain registered Steak only.Wine: wine list is well balanced and meets needs of all tastes and budgest.We left them to chose for us and it was spot on.Service; Really good and attentive service. Their timing was perfect! Don't you hate it when the conversation is interrupted? Well they knew when to step in and how long to stay with us .But, I must say the Cherry on the Top was Bruno, the owner of the restaurant. His elegant presence was felt on the floor, and you could see that he was making sure that all runs smoothly with his attentive eyeKeep up good work Bruno, and I sure hope to return soon!. 
I booked a table for 4 on a Monday evening to celebrate my wife’s birthday. Made to feel really welcome on arrival and given a well placed, central table table towards the rear of the lower ground floor. The staff were helpful and attentive throughout our visit. The steaks were cooked to perfection and the choice of sides was varied and well balanced. Drinks were reasonably priced and overall our visit lived up to the high expectations provided by the reviews. Enjoy...
My daughter and I pre booked a table for Friday evening (a pre- requisite) and the place is charming & full of positive character. Staff were very helpful and highly professional as would be expected from a 'top end' steak restaurant. The menu was well balanced, and of course we both enjoyed perfectly presented steaks. Everything was spot on; my only criticism being that that the crab cocktail - whilst very tasty had on recently been removed from the freezer and some pieces of crab meat were still frozen in the middle. But overall, this is a classy place, a great dining experience, but of course it comes at a price. I would recommend you give it a try ! 
I hesitate writing this review only because I don't think I can do the restaurant justice. Went to NY for a long weekend with another couple, each of us chose a restaurant. Being an avid hunter and steak man, Club A Steakhouse was my husband Ken's choice.We all have traveled, have eaten at some very nice restaurants, and Club A Steakhouse was not only our #1 vote in NY, but also CA, LA, FL, etc. Club A's Owner and staff have an uncanny way of balancing a 5 star restaurant atmosphere, service & menu, with a downhome relaxing atmosphere. We started of with Tomato and Buffalo Mozzarella. To our surprise, after we had finished our appetizer, the chef then sent out a free mushroom ravioli for us all to try. My husband doesn't particularly care for mushrooms, but he liked this! We then were each served our steaks. The men ordered Filet Mignon off the menu, the ladies an aged T-bone from a special they were having that evening. Melt in your mouth flavorful steaks - each and every one of them. The sides were also delicious; Garlic Herbs Fries, Whipped Yukon Potato Purée, and 5 Cheeses Truffle "Mac". The service? Our waiter was so helpful and attentive. But, wait, I don't think we had just one person watching out for us, but several. If a wait staff saw something that needed to be done, it was done. A+++ service. We were all so full, but with everything tasting so wonderful, we just had to try dessert-which was complimentary!Bruno is our kind of guy. It's obvious he takes his business, customer service, and most importantly, family very serious. He brought around 2 of his grandchildren in between courses. You can tell they are the apple of his eye. If he balances family as well as he does his business, he will leave a lasting legacy.Two regrets: we didn't get a picture with Bruno before the evening ended, and we didn't have time while in NY to have another meal at Club A Steakhouse. We will definitely recommend to all our friends visiting NY, and will definitely return when visiting NY again.
The second floor has tables for 2 by a large street facing window and a beautifully lit tree for great ambience. Reserve one if you can. The steak was terrific as were all of the hor deuves and sides. My wife and I loved the complimentary mushroom ravioli. Bruno the owner also comped us dessert medley as it was our anniversary. Perfect evening continued at MSG with The Eagles concert. Ah, New York!
Our wish list at the beginning of our trip to New York included a visit to a steak house. All reviews and recommendations pointed towards Club A Steakhouse. We reserved a number of weeks before we left Ireland for NY and booked in for our last night as we wanted to go out in style. Upon arrival we realised we had made the booking for the night we were travelling back home. Despite the restaurant being very busy, the front of house manager handled it fantastically and got us a table with minimum fuss. The customer service was excellent, our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu and steaks. With compliments from the chef we received a mushroom ravioli. Fresh pasta and creamy butter sauce was a sign of things to come. On recommendation from our waiter we decided to go for the Prime Dry Aged Porterhouse Steak for 2, with sides of fries and truffle mac'n'cheese. The Porterhouse was magnificent. We've both never had steak like it. Full of flavour and cooked to perfection; every mouthful was a sensation. A nice tradition in Club A is a complimentary dessert plate. If you have room left it is a nice sweetener to finish your meal. After dinner we relaxed with cocktails at the bar. Before we left the owner of the restaurant introduced himself and offered us another cocktail. Club A Steakhouse turned out to be the experience we wished for and a great end to our first trip to NY. They do everything with a first class approach. Customer service and cooking was all to perfection. If you want the perfect steakhouse experience get yourself to Club A Steakhouse.
We had reservations at Club A Steakhouse a few weeks ago and walked over expecting to enjoy a nice dinner - based on all the reviews we read on Trip Advisor. When we arrived at the door, we were greeted with a sign noting the rating for this restaurant was a "C". Now, with all the A's and B's from a cleanliness perspective, we couldn't stay. I wish TripAdvisor added in the health rating. I checked online after the fact and noted that Club A definitely has received a C - one of two restaurants in the zip code with such a low rating. So, be aware.
When it comes to meat and fire, any one can do it. The pros make the experience worth the down side to your health and heart. This place poorly cooks inferior meat, joins it with soggy fries, soupy spinach, but great service. If only those friendly waiters had something worth eating to serve. If you are not mindlessly grazing and take your eats seriously, seek meat at reliable and well known locations in and around NYC. Do not waste your cholesterol intake here.
Awesome night at Dos Caminos . Organic (skinny) Margarita and Guac was delicious ! Scotty was our waiter and he was THE BEST! So friendly, great conversation, had us smiling and keep the night lively. Churros were the bomb !
My husband and I really wanted to try Dos Caminos for a while. We came here pre- theater. We started our meal with the guac which was freshly made and absolutely amazing and drinks. I told our server Ela that my ‘el camino’ drink was too sweet, she offered to make me the ‘Organic’ instead, but I told her it’s okay and when I’m done with my first drink I’ll grab her suggestion. The organic is one of the best margaritas ever. Good quality , great service !
I still can't believe this place is an excellent find. Which is why I was thrilled to be going a second time to see if the first time was a fluke, well it wasn't. I should point out this place is right in the middle of Times Square, a place I try to avoid like, well, trust me, I'm not a Times Square fan.Let me start with the Margarita, Outstanding! I had the organic margarita and it was one of the best I've had, period! We didn't have a reservation and had to wait maybe 10 - 15 minutes for a table. Service was prompt and pleasant. We had the skirt steak, and the short ribs done perfectly, tastefully seasoned, and again outstanding choices. Really delicious.
wow, where do I begin! I enjoyed my birthday and absolutely insisted in eating at one of my favorite restaurants. (I usually go to soho, amazing all around but decided to stop at 42nd st since I was already near by) The food was great, service was mediocre (server seemed bothered that I asked for extra crema and cheese yet didn’t receive it so I asked her again- I would tell you her name if I knew but we didn’t exchange much words besides our food and drink order which was fine) food came out fast but as we are eating our food an intoxicated couple was sat next to our table. One of the two people was hurling at the table leaving a barf stench that literally turned my stomach, and completely left me in disbelief that someone would actually attempt sitting at a restaurant with someone else in that nature. Unfortunately, management thought it was okay to give them a barf bag while at the table. Where is this okay? No apologies, no offer to move our seat for the inconvenience, nothing but accommodation to people who ruined everybody else’s experience around them. I would have loved to stay for dessert but the sound of a hurler while eating and smelling barf isn’t so pleasant. My partner and I expressed the smell was strong and we were uncomfortable continuing to dine and asked the server for a take home box and a check when she decided to pass by. She did notice our faces were scrunched up and asked if everything was okay- IT ABSOLUTELY WAS NOT. We were absolutely disgusted and headed else where for dessert. The way the intoxicated customers were handled with care was very compassionate by the manager, however the other surrounding customers that were sitting down eating like my partner and I were not so pleased with our treatment. It’s not only gross hearing people hurl while you eat but unsanitary to be sitting next to barf bags and management allowing it. There’s more ways he (the manager) could have went about it but instead they actually continued to sit people next to them! I get it, tables need to be sat- but that’s wrong and unsanitary! Rather than moving them to a table a little bit more secluded from others as the restaurant is far from small they left them in the open, where people had to pass by to get to the bar and downstairs dining area. To make things even more interesting, the manager actually decided it was a great time to take his lunch and sit right behind us. I would definitely stick to soho location: servers are great, great support staff and the managers actually put their all into every single guest and welcome you in. 
Best empanadas I've ever had! Excellent service from Ela. Convenient from Broadway shows and Times Square. Have been here several times and have never been disappointed.
Had a great time. Our server Mia was awesome They had good meat as well as veggie choices. We had chicken fajitas and crispy cauliflower tacos. Out of this world
Enjoyed a really tasty meal with the family. Margatitas were very good. Large guacamole, while expensive was super fresh and delicious. Empanada appetizer was very good. Entrees were great--fish tacos, veggie tacos, enchiladas, etc. Reall well done. And not crazy huge portion, sonwe left sated, but not uncomfortably full. Really well done.
Dos Caminos is situated in the W Hotel on Times Square - perfect for us because this is where we were staying!! We didn't book a table, & were shown downstairs to the restaurant & bar area. Nice vibe. Bit dark so reading the menu was a challenge!! Thank goodness for torches on iPhones...We ordered chips & dips to start followed by a cheese quesadilla (many thanks to the very patient chap who served us & my 2 fussy kids), and veggie tacos.Excellent tasty food. Wonderful & much needed margarita!!Food was soooo good, we popped back again for desert a few nights later.Fantastic Mexican food!!
Great food, excellent service, cozy and comfortable atmosphere downstairs. We went around 6:00 on Saturday night and were seated right away. I was happy to see several veggie options on the menu. The fried plantain empanadas were so good - my only regret is that I didn't have room to eat them all.
Haven't had great experiences with restaurants near Times Square but this one was really quite good. Loved the guac and the veggies. First time eating a watermelon radish. It was beautiful and delicious!The only thing is sitting in the cellar is a bit claustrophobic.
Picked this restaurant on a client's recommendation. Great atmosphere, great service. The guacamole is great & comes with a veggie option, as opposed to just chips. Had the steak, so good. My sister had the short ribs. Get the corn, whatever you do, I do not know what was in it, but it was fabulous. We went in to the city for a play & got in & out in plenty of time 6:15 reservation 8:00 pm show. We didn't try dessert though, but they all looked great! Next time!
We LOVED our server, Laticia.We LOVED the vegan entrees and appetizers.Highly recommend this place!
Giuseppe was absolutely amazing advising us on meals and drinks. The food was just great and also the restaurant cater for vegans! Which we found quite hard to find restaurants, that had at least one vegan dish (most offer only salad)! We would 100% recommend this restaurant who are visiting NY and like Mexican food. And the restaurant's decoration is very pretty.
Makena was so great and helped find vegan options. Fast service even during the busy lunch rush and she was super friendly.
Nachos to die for and best Cobb salad ever! They even have vegetarian and vegan options. Ask for Kamil! She was wonderful.
Great Times Square Choice. Food was fresh and not too expensive. Comfortable people watching spot with good service. Going to try the vegan tacos at home. Awesome cauliflower. 
It is getting easier to find vegan choices for some members of our group. I am not vegan but I decided to try the cauliflower tacos. They were fantastic!
Stayed at Edison and was passing this restaurnat at lunchtime..turned out to be a great choice.,..friendly service...fun to sit at stools with big window facing times square to people watch...had a quinoa and black bean bowl/salad that was deliciouss..great seasoning with fresh ingredients.
I was very pleased with my lunch at Dos Caminos...as were my friends. Our server was helpful and attentive. A vegan, I had a satisfying and tasty vegetable, bean, quinoa platter. As requested, the cheese was omitted. I had made a reservation for a pre-matinee lunch, and we were seated immediately. The location was very convenient to the theater. The only negative was the noise level.
Great alternatives for vegetarians. Guacamoly was fantastic and the vegetarian tacos also. Highly recommended! 
Popped into this place on a whim prior to a 2 PM play and was pleasantly surprised. We ordered a small guacamole, which was fresh and tasty. I ordered the vegetarian tacos and my boyfriend the carne asada tacos, which we both thought were fresh, flavorful and good value for the money. I would recommend eating here. A margarita, two taco plates and a small guacamole cost us $70 including tip.
I ate here for dinner on Thursday September 15th; sitting at the window you watch all the action and people moving in Times Square. The restaurant is adjacent to the W New York - Times Square and connected to it.A very cool view and very nice food. I recommend the chips & guacamole and the vegetarian quesadilla.
Located at Times Square, we enjoyed the ambiance and the food. Before our meal, we were served 3 hot sauces along with guacamole and hot chips. These were delicious and exciting to try. We liked the verde sauce so much that they gave us more. There were several options for vegetarians. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon at 5:30 without a reservation before going to a Broadway show. There was plenty of seating available. By 6:15 all tables were occupied. Tables and seats were close together but not too close.We will definitely return to this restaurant when we return to NYC.
We ate here several times, with mixed views. Upstairs is light and bright and you can watch all the comings and goings in Times Square. Downstairs is dungeon like with the aroma of sewage. Our waiter was having a bad day to add to the downstairs experience. Firstly he threw the dish of tacos on the table so hard that a third of them fell out of the dish and on the table. We then waited ages for our main course, with no apology for the delay. He was completely unattentive, and oblivious to the needs of the diners. When we finally paid, he then had the audacity to ask why such a small tip - did he not realise that he had not looked after us? Such a completely different experience to the service upstairs where we had an attentive, friendly and helpful service from the staff. Good for vegetarian dining. 
Very busy restaurant and the staff were initially a bit hopeless trying to seat us but another server found us a space. Our waiter was very good. Great portions and good vegetarian choices. It's very loud though so be prepared!
We stumbled upon this whilst walking in Times Square. The staff were friendly and whilst we were told there was a 30 minute wait, there was a comfortable bar area downstairs and we got our table in 15!Great fresh guacamole and a lovely quinoa, avocado and beet salad plus empanadas and tacos.With a drink cost about $20 per head
The food was so delicious. My husband and I are gluten free and had multiple choices on the menu. Service was excellent. The restaurant was clean and beautiful.
Enjoyed efficient fun service from Brandon. Food really yummy and my need to have gluten free food was completely met.
I was surprised to find the Times Square Dos Caminos. The restaurant is two floors. We ate downstairs and could hear each other, although certain parts of the restaurant were too loud for a conversation. The food was delicious with lots of gluten-free options and a server who really anticipated all of my questions. He was very well trained, and I appreciated that. The menu failed to mention that the rice had ham in it, which blew my mind. The restaurant was also pricey. It was delicious, though. Highly recommend for groups or individuals!
I always look forward to dining at Dos Caminos. The service is excellent and the food tasty. I appreciate that Dos Caminos easily accommodates not only my gluten-free diet but my picky palate. Can't wait to return.
A bit disappointed - constant mixup over items ordered, and small portions of food - felt hungry when we left. There also appeared to be no gluten-free menu choices.
My daughter is allergic to dairy and finding places that will accommodate her allergy can be difficult. Our waitress, Maria, asked if we had any allergies when taking our order and flagged our plate with an allergy alert sticker. It was so nice to be taken care of, and the food was delicious! Best steak fajitas I’ve had and the rice and beans were so good. Everything was excellent!
I want to give a standing ovation to Dos Caminos. Seriously, the service and food were outstanding. I kept looking for a name tag on our waiter so I could individually thank him here but they don't wear them (I should have asked but I didn't want to worry him).First, 2 of our 4 people are lactose-intolerant. Our waiter knew all the ingredients inside and out and could instantly tell us what part of every dish would have dairy or not. For one that did, he quickly went and asked the chef if it could be made diary-free and sure enough, we were in luck. In addition, they specifically say on a different thing on the menu, that they had a dairy-free sauce. They were able to add it to this dish, to sub out the dairy-filled sauce. To have a waiter that is so knowledgable and understanding is amazing. Also, there's this complimentary bowl of rice, beans and something else they bring to every table. It has dairy in it, which we were made aware of, so the lactose-intolerant people just ignored it, which wasn't a problem with all our other delicious food. Next thing we know, our waiter is bringing over another bowl of it that he had the kitchen make special for the other two so they could also have some. We hadn't said anything or even cared but that extra step almost made me cry.Secondly, all the food was outstanding. I like Mexican as much as the next person but it kinda all tastes the same to me after a while. I got fajitas and I'm not sure if I ever have ordered fajitas at any restaurant before. They were so freaking delicious that I wanted to climb into the whole wheat shells and be one with them. I know everyone else enjoyed their meals as well!Lastly, I feel like the pricing was right on par. While we don't tend to ever go near Times Square when we come out, our show had been nearby and my sister & brother-in-law said this was one of their favorites. You would think, being near Times Square, that prices would be outrageous but they were perfectly in-line.
Everything was good . Nice and clean , good service food was well done . was so impressed with my lunch this afternoon ! I tried the fish taco and it was so tasty . kamil Thank you .
So glad we gave this a try! The best cheese enchiladas I have ever had! Also recommend the cornbread which was amazing and my husband had the taco tour and loved all EIGHT tacos!! Our server Maria was great, was masked, and answered lots of our questions with patience! Very clean and fun environment. We sat in the lower level and it was a little hard making it up the stairs with our full bellies but it was definitely worth it. We also saw them working hard to help a large group of people make it out of the restaurant in time for a show. If you are staying in Times Square, especially at the W right next door you should really give this place a try.
Okay, I needed the bathroom to the extreme!! Old Navy/Gap, in repair. Levis none, mcdonalds have to buy, american eagle outfitters none, ran in here and thank goodness!❤️ Sat to eat after that bs and got the chicken cobb salad 🥗 ❤️ super good!! Big serving tho so share or be like be and eat the whole dang thing. Guacamole for solo was good too but my stomach wasn’t big enough alone. The employees are nice (especially letting me use the bathroom), but in general very nice. The fajitas (didn’t order it) but I smelled it - it wafted in like a passing dream, I had to ask the server what it was bc it smelled amazing. This will be my go to place from now on for sure. Good food, good people, clean bathroom in the chaos of time square lol Thank you ❤️🥗🥑
Went to Dos Caminos with my wife and 3 boys on the night before Thanksgiving. On the plus side, the food was very good. Loved the guacamole and asada tacos. Unfortunately, I was a little grossed out by the floor. It was dirty looking concrete that looked as clean as the subway station next door. Our waiter was nice but overwhelmed. It took over 30 minutes to get our guacamole and had to ask for things multiple times during main course (ketchup and additional chips); which never came. The worst part was the bathroom; which was truly disgusting. At 6:30pm, the bathroom looked like it had not been cleaned in days - even my 7 year old was horrified. Next time, I would consider using the bathroom at the subway station down the block - as it is probably cleaner.
Great location, service was decent - food was just meh. Guacamole with trio of Salsas was decent, served in a large lava type bowl was interesting. Fish Tacos (New Pescado) were okay...the lower level was dark and gloomy, washrooms were not very clean, stay on the upper level and people watch.
was looking for a good mexican place. expected much better food. place was very ordinary. not clean. tables were sticky and so were the floors. service was ok. too noisy and clustered . serving size also too small for the price. didnt enjoy this at all.
Everything we had was quite good - the four of us had the chicken, shrimp, goat and Caesar salad, and everyone was well satisfied. Nice atmosphere, quiet (but we were there early for dinner). Only disagreeable part was having to go downstairs to the basement for the rest room. But they were clean, so that was ok. 
This is a very busy place, right on Times Square. We were not expecting much, just needed a place to eat. The grapefruit margarita was one of the best margaritas I have ever had, it was delicious. (And we live in Tucson!) Our food was also delicious, not typical Mexican food smothered with refried beans and cheese, very fresh and healthy, cooked perfectly. Waitress very pleasant. Decor modern and hip, very clean looking. Not cheap, but appropriately priced for Times Square. Portions were plenty large, we were full. Great people watching through big windows. We did not order the guacamole, but ladies next to us got it, the bowl was huge, it looked great. I wanted to eat what they couldn't finish, but my wife wouldn't let me take the bowl off their table when they left.
Interesting mexican food, but the 1st impression as far as the hygiene of the place is not outstanding...HUGE restaurant downstairs, with quite a nice atmosphere, again with efforts to be placed on a cleaner look
We had an excellent meal here- guacamole ($28), tacos (chicken and carnitas- $18 for 3). The tacos were excellent, beer was cold, everything at NY prices ($28 for a large guac). Great location allows people watching.
We experienced Don Caminos on our recent trip to New York. We were seated at a window bar seat. We found this to be fascinating as we enjoy people watching. The service was prompt with very polite and courteous staff. The food was excellent. Drinks are awesome as well. Pricing for a lunch time meal of soft tacos, burritos and a couple of drinks was reasonable. The restaurant is clean and comfortable. It can be a little noisy at times but we felt that this fitted with the atmosphere.
I had to wait a while to get the server's attention and to clean my space at the bar, and he didn't seem to know how to make the drink I requested, but the food ended up being quite good. I loved the Mexican street corn off the cob, but it was very, very greasy.
The food was okay, but I have definitely had better Mexican food. Also, their bathrooms were not clean, so I don't know how clean the kitchen is, despite their "A" rating.
I would not recommend anyone eat here. I have been to the Dos Caminos on Park Avenue, 3rd Avenue and Soho, and those are great restaurants. I expected the one in Times Square to have the same atmosphere, service and food. I was wrong. The service was awful, the food was slow to come out and was cold when it finally arrived. The atmosphere was not your typical Dos Caminos. It reminded me of a diner, not a nicer Mexican restaurant. I wish I went elsewhere. I would have been better off going to a fast food Mexican restaurant. At least the food would have been hot and served quickly. We made a reservation, but that made no difference. The hosts did not seem to care. They sat us in the front by the door and told me I should have requested the downstairs and it did not matter that I had a reservation. We had to wear our coats because we got a blast of cold air anytime someone came in. There is a downstairs dining area but I was told it was too full to seat us there, and then watched as five minutes later walk-ins with the same number of people in their party were seated downstairs. The bathrooms were not clean and were pretty disgusting. The only saving grace was the manager Greg. He did his best to rectify the situation but I do not know if I will ever go back to this location or this restaurant. I would not recommend it. Very disappointing.
We had a wonderful Mexican dinner after seeing the musical Wicked just around the corner. The food was excellent. Special mentions for the freshly made guacamole and locally made nachos - absolutely amazing! For main course we had different tacos, all of them great. As a surprise the waiter Winston brought us some see delicious churros for the dessert. Yummy! Shouldn't forget to mention the drinks either. We had some perfect margaritas and mojitos to go with the food. A shout out to Winston who was great at what he does! We really felt well taken care of.
This resteraunt is in the heart of Times Square so you think it would be crappy tourist food (lol) but no this is the real deal! I’ve been here twice in the past few months and every dish is fresh and just plain great Mexican food. Local or tourist if you’re looking for a great and filling meal I’d definitely recommend! Even though it was busy our server Dee was ultra attentive and got everything just right :)
I love this spot!! Every time we come we are treated like royalty! It’s our new local. If you stop by you need to ask for Esteban or Karen. My two favorites!! 
We are local New Yorkers in before a Broadway show this was such a fun dinner we had with great food and a great waiter Darrien you should definitely visit!!!
I came here for lunch. Service is fast, friendly, and efficient. The lunch special is a LOT of food; I had guacamole and chips, tortilla soup, and two chicken tacos. Good quality of food. Prices are on par with other NYC restaurants...yes, it's more expensive than a local Mexican restaurant, but it's right in Times Square.
Yes, the prices here will be a little higher than your local Chili's as it's NYC and everything is more expensive. Chips and salsa trio are $4.00 but it's work it as the salsas are good. We had the chorizo fundido which was good as well. There are many good main courses on the menu - enchiladas, tacos, etc. The margaritas are excellent. Overall this is a good option close to Times Square. There is a huge downstairs bar and dining room. Best to ask to sit down there as it feels a little better than upstairs. Great service from Josh.
Overall - This is my second visit, for the first visit I sat with my family in the main dining room and it got 3 stars. This second visit was just the wife and I at the bar and it scored 5 stars. Even though it is family appropiate it is better for a more "fun adult" outing. Food & Drinks - As it is National Tequila day we "had" to ordered two shots of tequila (Avion), wife got a prickly pear margarita and I got a corona light. Pretty standard, beverages. Orders the guacamole, taco dou (pork and chicken) and empanadas de platano to share. All three were great the clear winner was definitely the empanadas de platano made with sweet platanos, not the green ones, stuffed with black beans and cheese. I was a little leary but after the first bite I made that surprised face :). Service - The bartendar Carlos was knowledgeable about all of the drinks, a true pro. He walked us through a little tasting and all of his recommendations were on point. First time drinking a Mezcal and I am going to look for the tequila he recommended at my local liquor store.Atmosphere - Times square in Mexico ... so semi authentic but flashy since it is in times square.
Come early to avoid the crowds. We got seated without reservations at 5pm, by 5:30 it was a wait.Great option if you are heading for a show. The Mexican food is good but modern. The presentation is nice but don't expect to be served like at your local fav Mexican place.Overall the service was good, We enjoyed the food - especially the guac. The people watching was spectacular.
***SORRY, A LITTLE LENGTHY BUT A MUST READ***What can I say,,, if you know anything about Mexican food you will not like this place. The European tourists here appear to enjoy it though. Lol. First things first. After a week of sampling different types of food we started missing and craving Mexican food. We could not find any local authentic food since everything is a hot dog stand being serviced by middle eastern folks who serve your food while they hold a cigarette in their mouths. Funny but disgusting!!We ventured to try Dos Caminos. We were greeted by the cook who happened to have walked to the main entrance. He said the restaurant would be closing in 40 minutes and we were just on time for last call. He told us he would gladly make anything for us in a super polite fashion. We waited for the hostess and a young girl walked up to us and told us they were closing already. Lol. It was 10:20 and the restaurant didn't close til 11pm. I told her the cook had said it was ok and we were on time. She looked over at him and he smiled. She grabbed a couple of menus, looked at my wife and I with attitude and proceeded to walk towards a table.(Violation #1). In the most awkward feeling we followed behind her and without any words exchanged from the hostess we sat at our table and waited for a waitress. Thank god our waitress had a great cheerful and positive personality!! She arrived and offered us margaritas and went over the menu. We ordered steak and carnitas tacos which came with a side of rice and black beans. The margaritas were awesome and delicious!! The tacos were ok and over priced!! $19 for 3 tacos. They were served on top of cold mini skillets. Violation #2. Both meats had way too much seasoning which made them taste extremely salty!! Too hungry to complain at this point and we were fearing the rude hostess if we said anything. Violation #3,,,, cold chips for $4. Most Mexican restaurants in California pride themselves in serving complimentary warm chips and salsa before the meal which is a major factor in the quality of attention and service amongst the top Mexican restaurants. Here, being that its Times Square and sort of a monopoly for this place, poor service and low quality is expected. Kinda sad and disappointed if you come from Mexican heritage. Oh well, I'll never be back here but for future tourists and customers beware. 
We met up with my cousin and her daughter who were visiting from Florida. We couldn’t have asked for better service! Our waiter Winston went above and beyond making sure we were satisfied. He was all smiles. The front desk hostess was also a delight. The food was tasty and fresh. Will definitely visit again! 
Great dinner in Times Square - loud and crowded, but that is expected in Times Square on a weekend in December. Reservations are a must. We had a reservation for 6 and the wait time without a reservation was 2 hours. We had Outstanding service from Winston. He was helpful, efficient, kind, and attentive. All of the food was yummy - definitely recommend starting with the guacamole. It is fresh and delicious. Kids menu was also a win (and only $10). We would definitely recommend this spot to families or staying in or around Times Square. Ask for Winston for fabulous service. 
Popped in for dinner. Service was wonderfulDee was attentive, efficient and friendly. The food was fresh and delicious. Highly recommend!
Some friends and I stopped here for dinner. Food was great, the service was even better. Brandon provided the best service we had all weekend from any restaurant in NYC. Get the guacamole, it’s fresh and tasty. Everything we ordered came out quickly, it was hot and tasted delicious. Even though they are in the middle of Times Square, I did not feel the prices were hiked up, they were on par with pricing from around the city for this size and type of restaurant. Will definitely go back when I am in the city again. 
Great spot for after show dinner. The food was fresh and yummy. Our server Darrien went above and beyond to make not only our meal unforgettable but our experience as well. Can't wait to go back.
Everything is always so amazing when I come! I’ve been here twice already and it’s always so fresh and delicious! Food is always quick but so good! This time we had Kami and she was so sweet and attentive!
The place is in the middle of Times Square. Comfortable seating. Excellent Mexican-inspired food - fresh ingredients and totally delicious. We had the fish tacos. Our waiter was Dee, who was fast, fun, and excellent. We're going back again tonight!
Stopped in for dinner and was hoping for a nice relaxing time. This is not the place for that. We were seated right outside of a large area that was having a private party. We literally had to shout to place our order and clearly we couldn't have conversations at the table. The service was ok, the highlight was the fresh made guacamole. The chicken in my quesadilla was super dry. I'm sure there are better options in the area. 
Really fantastic food! Run, don't walk to get here! I loved everything from the fresh guacamole to the extensive cocktail/drink menu. Everyone in my group raved about how all the drinks seemed to have been made from fresh ingredients (lime juice, etc.) and not a packet mix. Really creative drinks as well. Everyone in our large group of at least ten raved about the food and the service was very attentive. Would definitely recommend!
My wife picked out this place for lunch so I had no idea what to expect but was blown away with the layers of flavor in each bite. All the ingredients were super fresh. We stared out with one of their signature margaritas. They don't serve free tortillas so we ordered a salsa trio with warm chips. For my meal I ordered Pescados fish tacos (grilled) that comes garnished with guacamole, shaved green cabbage, coriander lime mayo, pickled red onions, and cilantro. I highly recommend. 
Came here on a quieter night than usual and requested a table in the corner. This time the service was phenomenal. Our server Ela was great at recommending the tuna, so fresh and tasty! Drinks are strong too :)
I love this place… the atmosphere is terrific and the whole experience is exhilarating… waiters are great! Margaritas fantastic, salsa is spicy, guacamole is FRESH, and every entree super satisfying!!!
Close to Hamilton theater. Salads and margaritas were amazing. Server Dee was incredible. Will definitely visit again when in the theater district and Bryant Park area. 
Loved the food and service. Great atmosphere for dinner. Highly recommend. 5 stars to our server Winston!
The salmon was very taste, we enjoy the great scape margarita. The location was very cool environment for family and young people.Kamil rocks !!!! Thanks
Great spot for Mexican food. Dont know how it hasn't been on Tik Tok with all the other trends as this was far nicer than any of the restaurants we did try from recommendations there. The guacamole was the best yet I've tried. The staff was so friendly and helpful especially our waiter Winston. We went back for our last day as the first time was so good. 
Winston!!!! We were a group of 9 celebrating our last night of vacation in New York City. This man, took care of us flawlessly from start to finish and made sure we had a lovely dinner and evening. Our group consisted of an Austrian, Italians, and two southern Americans. Winston's hospitality went above and beyond.
Good food. Service could be better. We were visiting New York. We reserved a table. The atmosphere was very nice. Nice place 
Dos Caninos was excellent because of the great staff. Right off Times Square, we visited on January 2. Makena, our server was FANTASTIC!!
Great food, great beer and even better service! Winston was attentive, personable and fun!! Definitely recommend a table with him!
Winston was great! He went out of his way to make our dining experience excellent!! Such great service and so friendly! Food was very good. 
Wir waren 2 Mal im Dos Caminos Essen. Das 1. Mal war gut. Das 2. Mal weniger. —- Generell: Das Essen ist gut und die Drinks auch. Preis für Time Square Nähe okey. —-Beim 2. Mal wurden wir nach 90 Minuten, obwohl wir immer wieder alkoholische Getränke bestellten und obwohl das Restaurant halb leer war rausgeekelt. Ehrlich so was habe ich noch nicht erlebt… Service schlecht und unfreundlich. Zum vergleich (innerhalb der 90 min. hatten wir für 2 Personen Appero und alkoholische Getränke für 100.- konsumiert). Am selben Abend wollten wir dort noch zu Abend essen, haben dass jedoch gelassen.
Nuestro mesero Winston es una persona sumamente agradable y servicial. Se esmera por hacer sentir complacido y alegre a los comensales. Su simpatía y carisma lo hacen ganar si no sólo cinco estrellas, le doy 10*estrellas. Personas como Winston se necesita en todo lugar ya que resalta las costumbres de los latinos en nuestra Simpatía y Corazón. Bravo, bravo!
The experience was great, fast and great service from Winston. Food was very good. Thank you, Winston, for the great experience and great food!I give 5 stars to Winston.
Wirklich tolles Restaurant direkt im Time Square. Gutes mexikanisches Essen und schnelle Bedienung, die Bar ist ebenfalls gut.
Spot was great, fast and great service from Winston. Food was very good. Thank you for the great experience and great food!
No soy mucho de comentar, pero la atención de Karen y principalmente Julio fue excelente en la barra . Para estar en un lugar de la cuidad donde el servicio al cliente por lo general no es bueno , pasó lo contrario acá . Buena comida y ambiente agradable . Volvería otra vez a este lugar sin dudarlo . Gracias Julio y Karen
The food was great as well as the services It was quick ando easy. Winston was polite and friendly.
Winston was amazing! Friendly and attentive. Great service. The food was excellent and churros delicious!
Carolina gives us the best service really recommended she’s a very friendly person The food was delicious specially the nachos and churros
We had an excellent dinner starting with street corn and chips and salsa. For our meal, we chose mole short ribs, virtua tacos, beef tacos, and Oaxacan shrimp quesadilla. Everything was flavorful and just as described! We finished our meal with churros which were fab!! Our server Kamil was friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend Dos Caminos!
Daniel was fantastic at the 1567 Broadway location. Food was great. Excellent service. -From your GA dinner guests. Go Dawgs!
This is the second time we have visited this Dos Caminos, from Massachusetts. The food was good and our server was charming. That would be…Darien, as in Darien ,CT. He made the meal..better. The place was crazy busy but everything was delivered with style and humor. We will return…..!
We were recommended Dos Caminos by a friend who lives in the city and we are so glad we stopped by. Even tho we came at a busy time the service was outstanding and the food was delicious and come out in great time. Highly recommend the guacamole! Our server Winston deserves his own shout out, he made sure we were looked after, and even took the time to have a conversation despite being so busy. Definitely a must visit for great food and service in the Times Square area.
Food and drinks came out fast. Food was good and they even gave us free churros. Great place to visit!
Winston took amazing care of my daughter who has severe food allergies and made great menu suggestions. Thank you! 
Winston was our waiter today and he was wonderful! We had an allergy in our party and he was very attentive and checked with the chef before ordering.
Scotty is awesome. The location is perfect and the restaurant is spacious. Great food and great vibe, too.
Great food and even better service! Winston was amazing with suggestions and service! He make this a 5 star review! Order the Mole short ribs, they are super tasty and the chicken fajitas were also very good!
Restaurant très bien situé : sur Times square . N hésitez pas à réserver ( en ligne très facile) Nous étions dans la salle au sous sol . Serveur agréable qui a su nous expliquer des plats et de leurs tailles : pour info , nous avons pris 2 plats pour 4 ( adultes et ados ) et cela suffisait . Burritos moyen Fajitas au poulet ok . Bémol :sol de la salle , sale
I love Mexican food and I tried it all over the world Mexico included. Anyway this was one of the best experience. Great food, nice place, great service and correct price. Only issue: poor ventilation of the room, so the smell stays with your clothes. Also a bit too fast service.
Great food, great service and great location! Thanks Daniel for making our pre-Broadway show lunch so much fun.
Friendly place with good atmosphere, nice staff, good portions and menu had lots of choice. Great location right on Times Square. Great for kids too.
Excelente atención! Sobre todo muy bien atendidos por WINSTON sin duda volveremos a visitar el lugar. Saludos desde Chile 
Great dinner. Winston was a rock star. Restaurant was slammed but he was very attentive and did an amazing job.
First a big shout out to Winston. He was very attentive and took good care of us at very busy time. Second, as a Texan Mexican American raised eating Tex-Mex I have always been told to not eat at Mexican restaurants in the NE because I will be so disappointed. So I admit my bar was low. I was pleasantly surprised! The food was good, very good. They don’t roll the enchiladas like we do in Texas so when I was looking at pictures I didn’t realize I was looking at enchiladas. I had to ask for Salsa to dip our chips. Down south, salsa is served with chips along side any dip, whether it be spinach artichoke dip or queso. And thank Dos Camino s for making your own salsa! (I didn’t ask, just assumed). One other restaurant we went to served Pace Picante, which to me has distinct taste. We also had the churros which were delicious. My son that has previously stated he didn’t like Churros was going to town with the caramel sauce. I was a little disappointed rice and beans were not served with the enchiladas. Maybe I didn’t read into the menu well enough. Again in Texas rice and beans comes with everything. Overall Great job Dos Caminos. I can’t wait to tell my Texas Transplants there is hope for the NE.
Winston served us he was amazing such great service and personality really made our visit delightful! Food was delicious 💕 highly recommend the nachos and burritos.
What a nice surprise. We dropped in on christmas day, without a reservation. After only a few minutes we were brought to our table. We really enjoyed the admosphere, the great food and mexican beer, and the great service by our waiter Winston. A very untraditional but merry Christmas!
Nous avons passé un excellent moment au Dos Caminos Time Square.Nous avions réservé et avons été placés au sous-sol Lounge.Très grande salle chaleureuse et plutôt calme. Bonne ambiance.Nous nous sommes régalés avec chacun de nos plats: Nachos poulet, salade cesar, quesadillas boeuf. et churros. Tout était excellent et savoureux. Portions correctes. Bien présenté.Nous avons été servis par Winston. Très sympathique et efficace. Nous reviendrons à coup sûr!Et un grand merci à Winston !
We had a wonderful waiter, Winston. He was attentive and always smiling. When we had questions, he answered them knowledgeably and we always had water in our glasses and he came over often to make sure were had everything we needed, Highly recommend.
Winston gave amazing service, we came in tired from a long day and left with smiles! Awesome food to top it off!
Lovely venue and amazing food and drinks. Top tier service from Winston, will definitely be returning!
Amazing service as always - thank you Makena! Very good food, very good drinks and super friendly staff!
Our server Winston made our experience absolutely amazing! Great guy! He was very fast and precise with our order and delivered just as we requested! 
Awesome food and wonderful location. Ambience was great and finally the waiter Winston was awesome!
Lovely dinner before seeing a show. The food was great. Our server, Winston, was very pleasant. The guacamole was yummy! Would definitely return.
Excelente personal. Muy amables y serviciales. Visite el lugar con mi familia y quedamos encantados con el trato. Volveremos pronto.
Carolina was amazing with all of our requests and needs! Thank you for being patient and making Christmas 2023 memorable :)
Great selection of menu items. Food was delicious and served promptly. Our server, Daniel, was exceptional. He was very attentive even though it was very busy. He offered to get an extra chair, when someone wanted to join our party late.
Amazing food and amazing service by Winston.Would recommend this place 100% The queso fundido with chorizo is top notch.
JP was awesome in the lounge downstairs!! He was so fun and his drinks were great, he was so accommodating and made us feel safe and welcome; he put a napkin over our drinks when we went to the bathroom to make us girls feel safe. Karen was also great, they gave us a free shot at the end. Will definitely come back soon!!
Great Food and service. Makena is a wonderful server!! Very friendly. Wonderful location in Times Square.
Had lunch here after spending a few hours in Times Square. The food was great and our server Makena was very attentive and responded to our every request.
Winston was great—attentive, friendly—food was excellent. Business lunch w a colleague and business partners. 
Scotty was excellent, lovely food and great service. We will be back. Very enjoyable and welcoming, thanks Scotty
Thank you to Kamil for your friendly and efficient service! Great location in Times Square! Would recommend if visiting the area!
Leslie was awesome!! Super fast service. Amazing food. Get the prickly pair margarita. Highly recommend when you visit NYC!
Had an great lunch. Food was delicious, atmosphere was very cool. Makena was awesome! Would go again.
- great spot - huge portions - flavorful - excellent service. Makena was the best !!!!- salads, quesidillas, margeritas were top notch. 
Our server, Dee was awesome!!! He was attentive, made us laugh and served our drinks and food quickly. We would go back. In fact we stayed right next-door to the restaurant and so it was a wonderful option for us the whole time we were in New York.
Our server Dee was PHENOMENAL! Great energy, he got our order perfectly and without writing a single thing down! Dee was a whole Vibe- and we appreciate awesome service. Will definitely come back bc not only was the food on point- the service was even better! Thank u Dee for an awesome experience for our girls night out! Xoxo-A
I had the pleasure of being attended by Julio and Kevin at the Time Square location of Dos Caminos, and words will never be enough to express the exceptional service he provided. As a tourist who had not visited New York City in 10 years I walked in through the door and felt like home. Julio walked me through the whole drink and food menu. More than anything Julio made me feel at home in a crazy city that never stops. The service, the food, and the staff (Kevin and Julio) was beyond words, and honestly the BEST service I had in time square. Kevin helped me select a tequila that aligned with my tastebuds. Also it is important to mention their vast and cultural selection of Tequila they have and offer to guest. It was impressive, refreshing, and will make sure to only come back to the time square location to see Julio because his service was the best I have ever had just in new york but probably in all of the nation! Both Kevin and Julio where exceptional. Nevertheless, Shout out to Julio for being a gentleman, having a mind soul, and offering a whole experience! I recommend it 10/10! 
We’re not in midtown a whole lot, and it’s tough to find quality restaurants that I genuinely want to come back to, but the absolutely lovely Esmeralda took SUCH good care of us (she even leant me a tide pen when I spilled on myself) and the food/drinks were excellent! We’ll absolutely be back anytime we see a show!
Dos Caminos hit the mark on all things important to me for a restaurant - delicious food, extensive menu, fair prices and most important wonderful service. Winston, our waiter was extremely attentive. He arrived at our table with a smile that never left throughout the whole serving process. He was knowledgeable about the menu and answered any questions. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Delicious food. I had the Mole Cheese Enchiladas. They also have delicious Guacamole. Darrien was a wonderful server, making the whole experience even more amazing!
My husband and I were seated in the downstairs area which was more spacious and comfortable than the street level, however they sat a couple right next to us when the whole restaurant was empty!!Anyway we ordered the chicken fajitas and drinks. The drinks were Served efficiently but the food took an extremely long time to arrive. We found the fajitas lacking flavour… I asked for hot sauce and they brought a trio of salsas, which helped the food greatly. I don’t why they they didn’t offer salsa with meal from the beginning!
I went on Saturday night before Halloween, The food was boring (we had tacos) and the appetizers (chips and guac) were just okay. They had a DJ playing really loud music which made the whole experience untenable. If we had sat upstairs it would have just as bad. I know they dont care its Broadway and they will have someone else who just loved it. I did not.
The only good thing about this Mexican Restaurant is good location, right on Broadway and 47th. My family of 5 went to the restaurant and the whole experience was bad. The food did not taste good, the guacamole seemed to be watered down. We all have different items from the menu, and we all admitted the food was not great. And believe me you must be bad for my family to complain about Mexican food. The service was poor also, it took too long for the order to be taken and the food to come and they were not busy. We were not given option on sitting, we were just taken to the basement. The most disappointing thing is the price, a party of two adults and 13,12, 4-year-old, five of us spent about $200 for the poor-quality food. I will not recommend this restaurant.
We happened upon this place while roaming around Times Square. It was really busy but they had open seating in the downstairs lounge. It was a great atmosphere and very comfortable after a morning of sightseeing. We went back a couple of days later for dinner. I highly recommend the prickly pear margarita and the queso fundido. I was pleasantly surprised about how good the guacamole turned out to be. No one had any complaints about any of the food. We were visiting from Texas and Mexican food was not something we were looking for in New York City. We were quite pleased with the whole experience.
We went here for dinner after seeing a show at the Longacre theater. It was close to our hotel and to Times Square. We weren't sure what to expect. The street level dining area looked unappealing. The host told us we could go downstairs to the main dining room which would be "quieter". It wasn't. It was adjacent to their bar area which was jumping. There were no shortage of tables, probably due to the lateness of the hour.We sat down and, while we were looking at the menu, a couple near us started having a very loud yelling match. Sensing our discomfort, the waiter moved us away from them. We got a new waiter who was not real swift. We questioned our decision to eat here.After we got our food, we were glad we stayed. We each got the "Dos Enchiladas". It came with beans and a very tasty rice dish. We also ordered the chips and salsa. To our surprise, it came with three types of salsa: habanero, roasted tomato and verde. Very nice. Considering the experience as a whole, I would recommend this restaurant. The food was worth it.
Loved eating here - the food was all delicious!! We ordered a heap of starters and shared them as a main meal! The chips and dips, especially the guacamole were outstanding! I could have eaten a whole bowl of just that!Prices are good, and the service was fantastic! Cocktails were perfect!Would highly recommend!!
Went as a family of four for good Mexican. They have a few locations but the Times Square location didn’t disappoint. Food and cocktails were good, service was solid. Started with the nachos which were a good size and tasty. We also got the salsa trio which we didn’t need but it was flavorful. Atmosphere was pretty good, especially the downstairs section of the restaurant. Entrees were good, quesadillas were very tasty and a good size portion. Fajitas were also pretty good but nothing special, just a good fajita. Tacos were tasty and not too much. Left me full but not stuffed. Margs and Paloma were both well balanced cocktails
I have always seen this place but never been able to come and have dinner. I must say it was my first time last night and the ambience was perfect👌 The place is beautiful with a vintage feel. The bartenders were very attentive and the drinks were on point. Me and my partner had rigatoni bolognaise and organic chicken with vegetables and a puree sauce( it was delicious)... so much on the menu sounded yummy. The meats especially looked delicious, sitting behind the chefs counter definitely made my water mouth. I will definitely will be back for more. Looking forward to trying A new Cotes Du Rhone that will be coming soon to there menu, complimented by the Sommelier. Cheers🥂 🍷
After waking up with an interesting craving for steak tartare, my sister and I started searching for an easy, no-frills place to go fulfill our craving. We quickly found Boucherie and walked right in to be seated immediately around 11am on a Sunday. The space was beautiful with tons of natural light (including a sky light), greenery and a lovely bar that lined almost the entire side of the restaurant. We were lucky enough to sit in Aleksa's section as he was incredibly attentive, helpful and friendly. Between two of us we split the beef tartare (which was outstanding), french onion soup and steak sandwich with pommes frites. I'll definitely be back whether I want a high-brow dinner to impress out of towners or relaxed brunch/lunch with friends.
Service started very slow and inattentive. +/- 15 mins for water/bread/WAITER ! :OOnce we seemed to have the attention of our team, service was excellent.I had the French onion soup, which as others have reported is very good, very authentic and on the large size for an appetizer.We ordered the chateaubriand medium rare, allowing that the ends would be closer to medium. It came out a little under where we would have liked it, but it was acceptable and very, very good. The veggies served with it were also nice, but for some reason the bone marrow didn’t hit the spot(normally I love it).Now to the elephant in the room … THE WINE LIST ! I mean ?!$&@%*^}{!!!I think there was less than 5% under $100. And some of those $100 bottles were $20 retail and who knows what the restaurant pays. I know we have inflation, but the wine list has ENORMOUS 4-5x markups (or more).Food 9/10Service 8/10 (slow start)
Hey hey!! Happy hour is sign right outside. Universal language for welcome and come on in. Sadly weather was so humid and sitting outside was off the table. We were seated at their balcony area inside. The manager Milos was so nice and offered to change our table before I told the waiter there were dripping from their ventilation pipe. 100% professional and great service. The menu is huge comparing to the table. I was a bit overwhelmed and I felt they used 100% of available space on the paper even added one more page for their butcher's menu. You sure will find something you like. Starting with cocktails, price range is similar to 99% of all places and i rate it above average. As their wine menu, the list is long. I saw many wine picked from Napa valley and couple French wine. Appetizer is a bit much.Instead of my usual order, I wanted their foie gra and tartare for our appetizer. Foie gra served with toasted bread and preserved beet is prefect. Please do smell it before eating and you won't regret. Tartare looks awesome and prefect for that Instagram picture. Normally not a fan of raw meat thou. Free bread is a bit hard to eat for me but I think it might be the weather drying but my friend said it's toasted. who knows. Fun part is the entree. Dover sole is sooo delicious. i still remember the lemony taste in my mouth after a day. I would go back for more but I don't want to be in financial trouble of course. Well seasoned and proper herbs, it's a perfect dish to be envy by your dining partner. So much so, she had to switch for my plate of fish. Ending with a plate of cut of the week isn't that bad. Asked for medium rare and it's prefect to my wish. I love how they served with veggie underneath instead of fries. Topped with a few delicious shrimp, I was in heaven. Dessert: I usually skip this part. We had their creme brulee and pistachio ice cream with champagne. That is how you end an anniversary dinner. Creme brulee served with raspberry and pieces of strawberry isn't that sweet which I enjoy a lot. Pistachio with the nutty feel as you bite down is perfectly smooth and creamy.
Atmosphere,service,wine selection & menu choices all get high marks.If it's nice get a table outside, tucked into the exterior,vs closer to the street. We were 4 diners & all had different apps & entrees & all were happy. The chateaubriand & fresh veggies is truly over the top. It was excellent & could serve 3. Most were repeat customers in our party. I look forward to returning.
The ambiance of this place is truly charming. It looks like a bistro right out of Paris. It was decorated for Christmas and couldn't have looked more charming for a weekday lunch. Now - if only the food could have been comparable to the place ! A $30. two course pre fixe was offered on the menu and that's what the four of us chose. The Caesar salad was generous and delicious. I ordered their hangar steak for my entree. This came with a white wine shallot demi glace sauce and nothing else. I say nothing else because this dish was on the menu a la carte for $38. !!!!! Not only did nothing accompany it but the steak was tough and had little flavor. VERY disappointing. One friend made the same choice and felt exactly as I did about the dish. We ordered a side dish (a la carte) of ratatouille to share and were told that didn't have any. We asked what vegetables they did have and were initially told that they had none. In a couple of minutes the waiter returned to say that they could do a saute of mixed vegetables. We ordered that. How does the kitchen go from no veggies to a dish of assorted veggies. We didn't understand. The sauteed veggies were delicious. The best dish one of us ordered was the mushroom ravioli with truffles. Really good. On the other hand, the salmon dish was just so so. This restaurant needs more consistency in its food in our opinion.
Best food and amazing ambiance. We had a selection of mains and the food was delicious. My daughter is vegan and loved the food . Our waiter Akin was very attentive and charming. I loved the burger .
Honestly amazing experience!! Wow the food was amazing- best vegan burger I have ever had- whilst my family all enjoyed their meat burgers! Our waiter Akin was the loveliest waiter, so attentive and kind! Thank you so much for making our trip to New York from London even better- huge huge recommendations for This cool, funky place - with amazing food and drink!
I’m sharing this french experience here with you guys to tell you that this was one of the greatest dinner i ever had. WOW so wonderful, the hole place is like you were in France except for the music that was not that good. Aaron served us and he was attentive with every concern that we had about the meats and for my boyfriend the vegan options so for me the steak frites was delicious and he had the raviolis champignons, everything was 100 points.
Beautifully embodies the French restaurant experience AND offers vegan options! Beautiful French kitchen decor and art work. Excellent happy hour with a view of Greenwich Village Main Street. Please try the Lillet Spritzer. It’s délich!
An amazing place, great food and super friendly staff. First time I came here and very pleased. I looove it,everything on top. Even for a vegan there might be something to choose. 
What an incredible day at boucherie! You had the beyond burger and it was delicious. Highly recommend!
Went here as a group of 10 for a work dinner before the week started. The waitress was very helpful and efficient at getting the food and wine to the table. The food was good and everyone did had a great meal both the vegetarians as well as the meat eaters so happy all around. Only hassle was when we were trying to pay to leave which took absolutely ages and cost the restaurant a star in my view. 
Extraordinary restaurant 8 blocks from our apartment. First of what I hope will be many visits. There were four of us. Wonderful mushroom raviolis, good onion soup. Terrine of fois grasGood but not great - too many ingredients.Then the Cotes de Boeuf ARRIVED. Perfectly cooked rare as requested. Artistic presentation - beautifully carved with 12 inch roasted marrow bones as part of the display. Two bottles of reasonably priced 2007 Bordeaux. Too satiated for desert with enough beef to take home for a light lunch for 2I asked for quiet and we were seated upstairs with a kind and professional waiter from Montenegro. He made dinner into an very special occasion.Simply the BESTThey presented us on departure with two books on the Restaurant with photos - history and recipes. There was even a recipe for their Cotes de Boeuf. They forgot to mention how a home cook would split the marrow bone lengthwise. Easily done with your own kitchen bandsaw. Julia Childs used a meat cleaver I will use Boucherie’s Cheers - Peter Sprague 
We were there on a Saturday night without reservations.They were able to accommodate us at the bar in front of the grilling station.Our waiter Andres tried to rush us a little and had little patience for some of us not being able to decide right away.This was a group of four. The Brussels sprout salad was tasty and a good option for vegetarians.The steaks were definitely a good quality meat and well prepared by the chef, perfect temperature.Desert crime brûlée was one of the better ones we have had.I would return here and make a reservation next time.
Terrible place for anyone with food allergies. I have a gluten allergy, and after the server assured me my food would be ok for me to eat, it still had gluten in it and I got very sick. DO NOT eat here if you have an allergy!!!
Perfect atmosphere for a night out of town. Service was great and food was even better! Our waitress was also so accommodating of food allergies. We had our tomahawk steak dairy free and gluten free. We enjoyed it! Everything was great !
Love, love this French looking resto: from its red awnings and flowers, to its beautiful old French posters, to huge mirrored old bar to its dishes. Oh la la and this is in the middle of New York City. And if you can believe it, very accommodating to those of us who need gluten-free dishes. Everything was délicieux👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻It's an EAT OUT
I enjoyed a fabulous evening with my good friend to kick off her birthday weekend and was so pleased with our service and experience here. We were attended by Gaby, such an attentive and accommodating server who ensured all my meal didn’t include dairy as I am allergic. The atmosphere was so lively, decor phenomenal and meal was divine. I absolutely will return here again and share celebrations as this is such a special place.
Nice food and drinks. The food here ia tasty and clean but the portions are kimda small compared to other restaurants.
Good place to eat well on clean environment... Then come visit Australia in your winter. Bring your swimming costumes.
I ate paella few years back at some friends and I always wanted to try it again but a Spanish restaurant! My daughter and I decided we will go to Boucherie for dinner. There was a waiting line with about 8~9 people standing in a queue a head of us. It wasn't long before our name was called. The place was packed with people, and the music was a bit loud. But soon we were we adjusted to the atmosphere. The seating was tight but well organized. The ambiance was nice and pleasant. The place was spik clean. The waiters were prompt and helpful. The food was very good and the paella was magnificent although we were told that it takes about 30 minutes waiting for the paella, but it was well worth it. Price wise it was about right. Highly recommended in NYC. 
Great service, delicious food , and waiter Akin was excellent, restaurant is very clean, all employees are very friendly. I definitely recommend it .
It is a decent French food. The service is great too. If you order desert, they will clean up the bread crumbs. For lunch, most restaurants don't clean up the bread crumbs. Most importantly the foods are very delicious.
Upon entering the sweet resturaunt my friend and I were greated by Manu. His delightful charm and keen sense of food pairing recommended a great belini. Overall my experience was delightful, prompt service, clean and loving. Thank you Manu for creating a beautiful sunday brunch experience for us💖
Good vibes, fabulous location in west village. A local’s restaurant and for visitors in the know. Great food, lovely atmosphere. 
It was a busy, late December Sunday for brunch and despite being bustling, our party of four was able to be seated quickly. We got a table on the mezzanine with a great view of the beautiful space, well-done Christmas decorations, and attractive, local crowd. The food was excellent and the service was on point and efficient. You can’t beat a good, French brunch, and Boucherie delivers. Ask for Michael.
The bar at this restaurant is amazing. An amazing place for locals to relax and hang out with the bartender Michelle she made the night memorable by being so hospitable. I 100% recommended trying out this location. 
The local cuisine was fantastic and authentic, just how I loved it in Italy. The service was top-notch. Our experience was made wonderful by the employees and management. Without a doubt, we'll return!
Incredible experience! Highly recommend for an authentic NYC experience that locals love. Best French bistro in the city. Michelle, our bartender, was top notch. Get the tomahawk steak, you won’t regret it!
This restaurant is not liked by locals. The location is wonderful, but the food and service are not. I feel bad writing a negative review for any restaurant, since it is a very hard to survive business in NYC, BUT, this place is really too expensive and the food is not good. Skip it and try one of the Wonderful New York City Village Restaurants. I suggest the Beatrice Inn or Via Carota
Came in in the middle of a wonderful afternoon to enjoy a La Vie En Rose. The perfect summer drink. Our bartender was Ranko, who was very friendly and provided great insight into the local sights to checkout. Definitely would come back again to enjoy the happy hour specials.
Place is awesome, Ranko is an amazing mixologist and the drinks/food were fantastic. I would recommend to all visitors and locals. H-Town f**ks wit it.
One of my favorite locals. Beautiful atmosphere, attentive service, and great French food. Often come for date night with the hubby.
What a beautiful place to have a drink at the bar and people watch in the West Village! Nice ambience and beautiful decor - definitely reminded me of the big bistrots in France. They had such a great wine list and the bartender, Nenad, was friendly and attentive and helpful! Recommended for tourists and locals.
Local spot for good French food and time with friends! Great and friendly bartenders that are respectful. Love coming here with family too!
Wasn't too loud which is really important to me. Got the duck let and it was exactly what I wanted, super tasty! Great wine selection. Benal was super helpful and made sure it glasses were never empty 🍷 will definitely go back!
Fun busy and friendly service. A fast paced local haunt that does what it says on the tin. Breakfast favourites with lunch options. Good steak tatar and poached with smoked salmom and asparagus. Reasonably priced wines. Crepe suzzette and creme brulee good. The ambiance with its high ceilings and large windows make it an inviting place to start your evening after that lazy lunch
To me, this was an average dining experience at best. From the restaurant week menu, the mussels were fine, the steak was barely ok and the tarte was good. I must have gotten unlucky with my cut or how it was prepared as so many seem to sing praises about how good the streak there is, but to me it was no better than a piece of meat picked up from a local supermarket, heavily seasoned and thrown on the grill. The steak was the main disappointment of the night. The service was as expected. With two glasses of red, the check came up to $150, including tip.Some appear to praise the restaurant for great wine. While that might be true, the restaurant does not produce wine, it merely selects it and places a hefty price tag on it.
My partner and I thought we would try Boucherie as we are long time locals and thought a bistro would be nice. Went at about 1:30 and the restaurant had barely anyone. Sat outside and the style of the restaurant is a nice change for the village. A large Pastis vibe. Slow service and unfriendly when nobody is there is a stretch to understand. The food was very bland and oily. Once again took some time for the waiter to come over to even ask for the check. Boucherie is not inexpensive, 31-38 for our entrees. In the village where literally amazing restaurants that are amazing are less then two blocks away I would never go back and should have know when it was empty.Maybe the chef and staff are different for dinner service but that is no excuse.
this place is really magnificent the meals are very good I recommend the beef tartare the red wine also very good 
Michelle is such a wonderful knowledgeable bartender. Had a great night discussing cocktails and enjoying my time with friends during happy hour! 
Stopped by Boucherie for a few drinks with my friends. We enjoyed the happy hour specials and sat at the bar. Great cozy vibes. Our bartender Michelle was super friendly and attentive. We really enjoyed our conversation with her and will definitely be back!
Our waiter Bojan provided excellent service. This was a 5 star experience. We were treated with kindness and respect. Overall a lovely experience, delicious food, and friendly staff that will have me returning very soon!
Came to Boucherie with an old friend and was immediately met with immense kindness and hospitality from Bojan! The space is spectacular, the food was delicious and the service was even better. A new favourite spot in New York’s lovely West Village. Will be back soon!
A perfect example of great French cuisine! The steaks were perfect, the braised beef tender and tasty, the onion soup to die for and the enormous scallops extraordinary in both taste and size. The surroundings were as beautiful as the service was impeccable. Highly recommended!
This was a standout meal that was cooked to perfection. Thoroughly enjoyed both the atmosphere and ambience. Highly recommended!
Fabulous food and stunning service. A wonderful Christmas Day meal. I'm particular the fries were utterly delicious.
Came here for Christmas Day dinner with my family. The atmosphere was very festive and food was amazing. Overall, really good and Bojan was a brilliant waiter. 
Excellent service, stunning decor so great for special occasions and holidays. Would highly recommend the snail and the fish dishes.
Beautiful restaurant with great foods. I've here twice and will come back more. Please check out their dessert!
amazing food, best service, complete experience. will be coming back very soon. must do the lager. Ashley was the key to our night.
Great experience. Our waiter Bojan did an excellent job. Food was amazing. Atmosphere was great for holidays.
This is the third time my wife and I have enjoyed this exquisite restaurant in New York City! The First two times were at their Gand Boucherie location in Mid-Town Manhattan and the most recent experience was at their West Village location. Each Time the experience was very exceptional.Our waiter Bojan was extremely pleasant and Rebecca the Manager made sure that our experience was more than satisfactory.We highly recommend Restaurant Boucherie at any of the New York locations location for wonderful French Cuisine Experience.
Great date night spot with lovely Christmas decor. Food was great - we loved the steak frites. Bojan was a top notch server!
Great brunch spot! Got mimosas and the french dip. Both were amazing! The french dip was very fresh 
This spot is simply fabulous French food hidden in a corner of Christopher.The ambiance is amazing and the vibe is chill and calm.I came on Sunday at Happy Hour and I had the cheese board and it was gorgeous-fresh white cheese with strawberries, walnuts and honey for 10.00 as well as the Rose which Susana garnished at the end with some Aperol.Susana and Danika make you feel right at home.I recommend highly and give it 5 stars⭐️ 
Late night meeting with some colleagues, we decided to grab some French here. There are a few of these restaurants, the West Village location has a great vibe and plenty of outdoor seating. The service is excellent. Got a nice Cote de Rhône for the table with water “with gas” and ordered pate de campagne and steak tartare and a nice salade d’artichaut. As expected, the food is fresh and robust. The wine complemented the food perfectly. The scene was fun, especially on a Friday night. Recommend to anyone who wants French food or just a great vibe with a drink or glass of wine.
Food was so fresh and the restaurant is very cozy, Gaby was very attentive and super sweet!! Ask for gabby when you come in!
We were served an exquisite Chenin blanc with aromatics that rippled across the tongue. I ordered a harvest salad with a medley of fresh lettuce, tomatoes, sumptuous walnuts and melt-in-your-mouth goat cheese. Service was exceptionally attentive, everyone had a 10/10 fun time!
The service was unparalleled - our food came out so quickly, the drinks were freshly made and the host and the waiter made sure our every need was met. Ask for jacob and sidy!
What an incredible experience, the ambiance is so soothing here and the food is all fresh. Our favorite dishes were the mushroom ravioli and the creme brûlée. The GM was also so kind hearted. Highly Recommended.
Went here for mine and my partner's anniversary. They were able to seat us early ahead of our reservation which was nice. The inside was spacious, inviting, and decorated beautifully. They had the French doors open in the front of the restaurant to let in a breeze since it was such a nice night out. The food came out quickly and it was very fresh! Great selection of foods and drinks. They have someone who comes around very frequently to refill waters and clear the table in between plates. Most importantly, our server Shania was so kind and attentive the whole evening. She helped us pick out a wine and told us her favorites on the menu. I have dietary restrictions and she made absolute sure that the food was going to be something that I enjoyed rather than tell me what I wanted to hear. She was truly the highlight of the experience. When dessert came she brought it out with a candle to celebrate our anniversary. It was such a simple but sweet touch. I was surprised when I found out she was newer to the restaurant!
We had brunch with a visiting cousin and aunt here. They had outdoor seating which was very nice. I felt I was in a bistro in Paris! Staff was very nice and a shout out to Sarah who took good care of my 81 year old aunt.I had the croque madam, which had great cheese and ham. We also had the Nicoise Salad (fresh tuna!), Brandende de Morie aux oeufs (salted cod with potatoes - very yummy) and eggs Benedict. I ordered the Foie grass as an appetizer and we were not disappointed. We will return and recommend this place to everyone!
Lovely place , nice outdoor setup Fell in love with the tomahawk ribeye for two it’s 50 oz!French onion soup, foi gras and scargots Are a must... and ofcourse coq au vin yum!Service was attentive For drinks their signature cocktail la vie en rose very chic garnish with fresh rose buds And their absinthe cocktail el diable :tequila, mezcal , absinthe and hibiscus it’s a must tryFor dessert classic creme brûlée and apple tart Tatin with vanilla ice cream The anbiance was great !
I came here with a friend and we hilariously decided to be healthy and get salads. We compromised by ordering a side of bacon. The bacon was absolutely delicious and a thick slice! I got a salad with anchovies vinaigrette and egg/croutons while my friend got a salad with apples, arugula and cranberries. Both salads tasted very fresh and simple yet delicious. We also got absinthe drinks which had the delicious taste of absinthe mixed with some other liquors and fruit. Our waitress Alexis was awesome!
I dine here in the spring and sat at an inside table right near the open windows. I was comfortably out of the sun, and the breezes were delightful. I had an odd-hour lunch (3:30pm)...service was efficient. The onion soup, burger, and frites were well-prepared, tasty, and hot. The pricing was typical for New York City. I had been out for a walk and passed by a number of restaurants on 7th Ave S, but this one looked inviting. And it was.
We have been to this restaurant before, and so while playing tourists in the W. Village we decided to come back because we wanted good hamburgers. This restaurant does not disappoint. I had, once again, the Pat LaFrieda burger, my grandaughter had the truffle burger. Both were juicy, tender, extremely flavorful. The fries freshly cooked crispy outside, soft inside. The decor of this cafe is so beautiful we took out time eating just to absorb the beauty of it all. The french soothing background music only added to the excellent eating experience.
The restaurant has an engaging presence from the street. Sadly, the food was edible, ordinary at best. We ordered 2 salads: Nicoise and Caesar, with a side of Brie. The quality of the greens on both salads did not appear to be very fresh and the dressing had little flavor. 
This place was wonderful. Reminded me of Paris. Our waiter was phenomenal and very attentive. The food tasted very fresh and delicious. Highly recommend!!!
Fantastic food. The whole environment of the place was so nice. Great service as well. Ibrahim did such a good job
Great food, great vibe, great location. Came here during restaurant week! Their menu was pretty amazing and the service was great. Drinks and food were amazing and our Server Akin made sure we were taken care of the whole night, even recommended some amazing drinks! Definitely a must! Oh and dessert, to die for 😍!
I love Boucherie and I will definitely come back for more dinners here. The ambiance and food here were on a whole other level.
The whole experience at Boucherie was great! Our server Shania was really sweet and helped us make the right choices. Food, dessert and wine were excellent. The casual chic style of Boucherie makes the experience relaxed and special at the same time.
We ate at Boucherie West Village last night, where the drinks, the food, the service, and the atmosphere were all a pleasure. The sauces, the bread, everything was delicious. The lighting and the holiday decorations gave the whole place a cozy vibe.It was an evening to remember, and we plan on returning many times in the future.
Not a great experience & would not recommend. Service from waiters was fantastic a credit to the restaurant as for the senior member; the general manager-poor, unprofessional & rude. Stood and talked to the table next to us the whole time, unprofessional language & content. Hostess not particularly welcoming. Food was average. Will not return
the whole staff made me and my friend feel so comfortable! we had the most wonderful time. the food was so yummy, the service was great and the atmosphere is always so chic and bustling in the best way.
I would give this place a 4.5 for brunch, but rounding it up to 5. Reservations were pretty open for a Sunday spot, but it definitely got crowded around 1-1:30, so getting a res is recommended. Food was great, and drinks are strong! I had the cheeseburger and my friend had the steak sandwich. But the fries that came with them were the stars! I would give 4 stars for just the food. The service brings my rating up. Manu, or server, patient and considerate. We had the whole upstairs area for a while, and basically had him as our dedicated server. He was patient while my friend and I caught up, and gave us plenty of time to decide what we wanted to eat and drink. Overall, great spot for brunch! 
Great place for an intimate rendezvous with friends! The lighting is just right and the music is a wonderful tempo. The food is a whole other level, a refuge for carnivores with taste. You will also LOVE being served by Antonio who made the experience something fun and memorable. Will be back for sure!
I strolled in with my best friend on a Saturday evening, and it was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Our bartender, Mens, was wonderful! He was attentive and wore a smile on his face the whole time. The champagne was delicious, but the scallops were even better. This place is an absolute must. The food is delicious, the wine list is amazing, and the ambience is great too. 
The place to be in west village. Walked in on a freezing New York winter night, in the mood for a drink. Was warmly welcomed by the lovely hostess and was seated at the bar. A guy called Miljan took care of me - exceptional knowledge of the wines, spirits as well as the food. Him and the rest of the bar team were like a cocktail encyclopaedia. Provided laughs along with the rest of the team the whole evening. Ended up trying the foie Gras and muscles - f***ing amazing!!! Atmosphere sexy, seductive but down to earth and welcoming. An absolute joy and would recommend to all, whatever the occasion.
In a nutshell, I won't be back any time soon! Went for Sunday lunch yesterday with friends. It was a large group (13), split into two table. I've given 3 stars mainly because of the setting; nice and spacious, high ceilings, mezzanine level, attractive relaxing 'neutral' decor, nice non-intrusive, jazzy background music, but quiet ambience so easy to chat. Also, I believe the reception were accommodating to my friend who booked, but allowing us to be seated before all the party had arrived (which typically doesn't happen in NYC!). Having said that, the place wasn't busy so no reason for them not to seat us.From there it went downhill. The staff seemed willing but amateurish, which isn't what one wants or expects from a restaurant of that price point (high). There were daily specials on the board, e.g. Sunday was 'Choucroute'. It seemed that was always the case on Sundays, but our waiter didn't know what it was and had to get help. The wait for the food was phenomenally slow. We ordered about 1.50pm; it took an age even for some bread to be brought over (after ordering, even though it was cut and ready by the counter). One table had ordered starters, but ours had not. However, our mains were all brought at the same time; no one even asked us whether our table would like theirs first. (As I was invited I left the interaction to my friend, but had I been alone I would have requested it. Common sense). As a result, we got no food until close to 3pm. I ordered the Duck Leg Confit. ($32) It was well cooked, if a bit greasy (pan-fried rather than roasted maybe?) but whole dish extremely disappointing, being comprised of only 1 leg, then rest of the plate full of frisee lettuce, and 'Pommes Salardaises'. Hardly the soft potatoes I had expected, and no hint of the promised 'truffle'. More like pan-fried potato chips from a bag! All surrounded by an inexplicable thick brown, overly salty sauce. Terrible plate and terrible value.My friend ordered Oeufs au Plat and was also disappointed; two fried eggs and a couple of small pieces of sourdough toast, and for $20!The omelettes and pancakes looked better. But everything was overpriced. If I'd been paying I would definitely have asked for something off the bill.Maybe this place will improve with time - and if enough people send feedback. But for now there are plenty of better french-type restaurants out there so don't bother with this one!
Everything was just on point. This place never disappoints, escargots were pure goodness, scallops were cooked perfectly and to end the night with the tomahawk was perfect. Location: West VillageServer: Alkin ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
So glad we stumbled upon this darling place. It’s a perfect stop to grab a drink and soak in all the beautiful Christmas decorations! Wonderful staff:)
Stumbled upon this place by pure chance. Vibe was wonderful and our bartender, Mens, was spectacular. Would certainly recommend and look forward to coming back again!
Tamara was an amazing server! The Diable cocktail delicious! Very well balanced! The service was attentive and quick, will definitely return!
This restaurant was the only well rated french we got at last minute. And i can say it was really good! Nice back ground music (just as loud as for a lounge place, but i like it), inviting atmosphere, kind service.Food was consistently good! We had scargot for apettizer, which i am not a big fan, but this was perfectly seasoned! My husband had duck confit, which was superb but only one leg with salad is quite small portion for a man. I had steak frites, cooked perfectly and melting in mouth, with a well balanced poivre sauce. I also had a drink called "coccinella", kind of strawberry mimosa so good that i ordered a second one.If i lived in NYC this would be a regular place to go. Really enjoyed it! Very pleasant night!
Amazing food, wide wine selection, super service. The music and the restaurant perfectly balanced. . . 
We made reservations here for lunch today after seeing the Rockette's. We arrived early but they accommodated us quickly.They have a great wine list with reasonable prices. We both ordered the lunch special. It was a meat dish (I had lamb, my husband had chicken), 3 veggies, one was a spinach cheese dish (tasty and unique), chick pea dish, nan bread, rice, another unique lentil dish and dessert. This was $17, YES, $17, in NY. The best part was everything was hot, fresh, uniquely spiced and fabulous. Our server, Amit was attentive and helpful. Neither my husband or myself were familiar with Indian food but he managed to find a dish we both loved!I highly recommend this restaurant. Our best so far on our NY trip!!!
One of the best Indian meals I’ve had in a while. Great vegetarian selection, friendly service and very tasty food.Ordered the smoky aubergine, tarka dal and garlic naan, would happily eat all of them again.
Spice Symphony was a quick walk from Grand Central.The ambiance was lovely, the service attentive and the food delicious.Four adults had different meals (one veggie), all were delighted.The tandoori oven lamb chops were so tender and tasty. Highly recommended.
We came here for lunch based on the TripAdvisor recommendation... clean place with great service, we ordered the shrimp & tandoori shrimp as an appetizers and was great ... main course is Tandoor chicken, lamb chops and veggies biryani also was good but not the best ...definitely we tried better Indian food but overall was vert good experience 
Spice Symphony has a varied menu. Among other things it also serves Chinese food which tastes and looks exactly like the Chinese food I had growing up in Bombay, now Mumbai. The veggie fried rice and the American chop suey! Brought back great memories. SUPER SERVICE BY NISAR! Great atmosphere. We also had the spinach chaat for starters and it was the restaurant’s own take in the dish that I have had at the upscale Rasika in Washington DC. An enjoyable experience. Must visit for lovers of Indian style Chinese food!
Delicious Indian food a short walk away from MoMA. The curries were rich, creamy and delicious, without being too oily. Our server Aldi tended to all our needs, including making sure my husband was happy with his choice of beer. We were given delicious veggie pakoras compliments of the chef. Many wines to choose from. You won’t be disappointed!
The best meal we've had since arriving in America two weeks ago, we were all extremely impressed with the extensive menu, which catered well for veggie and vegan cuisine along with a great range of meat options. The food was absolutely delicious during every course. We were particularly impressed with the piri piri prawns and the spinach chaat appetisers and the prawn patia main. The service was fantastic and the staff couldn't have been better! We would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a good curry in NYC!
This is delicious Indian food with choices for everyone. Well crafted sauces, lots of veggies, and nicely aromatic Basmati rice. Their wines paired well. All on a moderately priced bill. Service is warm and relaxed, but punctual and efficient if you are on take out. Atmosphere is unpretentious and calming. Simply nice on a hectic NYC schedule, you can count on this stop at any time between your meetings, shows or errands. Great location off Lexington, behind the Waldorf.
Good initial impression. Attentive staff. Veggie pakora as an amuse bouche was a welcome surprise. Great starter and tasty mains (chicken tikka masala and tandoori shrimp). Coconut caramel flan was a delicious dessert. Our server Premesh was very nice and helpful. At points during the meal, a number of the wait staff were standing around near our table, which felt like they were hovering waiting for us to finish and this felt a little uncomfortable. Overall though a good experience and would come back again. 
This restaurant is well reviewed for good reason! Although small, it accommodates a decent crowd, and it was crowded! However, the owner managed to squeeze us in at the back. To a person, the wait staff, was delightful and eager to answer our questions on cuisine, local culture and their backgrounds. The food was more than delicious! We started with the roasted butternut soup which was very well seasoned and rich. I had the braised lamb shank while my husband feasted on the pepper chicken, which came with veggies and rice enough for 2. The signature drink that night was the Mr. H-a gin cocktail with lychee juice and fresh, sliced ginger root. . . yummy. We couldn't have enjoyed this experience more and recommend Spice Symphony without reservation. Having said that---make reservations!! This is a wildly popular place for good reason.
This is what it would taste like. This is really good haute cuisine quality North Indian cuisine . If you have only had your local curry slop shop takeout , in London or the Lower East Side, then be prepared to be enter Nirvana. The spicing is exquisite and if you are a visiting tourist from rural Tennessee , who has been curious about Indian food, fear not, it is not killer hot (but I am quite sure they would make it killer hot if you want, everything is prepared fresh to your order and the staff , (esp. Premesh) are very helpful and can guide you ).And in addition to the typical classic dishes (including vegetarian and vegan options), they even have as appetizers some hot Indian street street snacks, known as "chaat". Try the Delhi chaat- it was a work of art to look at and a combination of flavors and textures you will find no where else (and I have eaten Indian food from New York to London to New Delhi and back again by a different route). The biryani was perfect, the nan so tender it melted in my mouth, the veggies cooked crisp not soggy. And I have to mention the carrot halwa dessert- totally fresh with subtle cardamom spicing. If you have never had it, and you think what? Carrots for dessert? Just think in the direction of spice cake goes Indian and try it!----So, if you have had and like Indian cooking, this is a big step up and if you have never tried it, start here. 
Came here for a dinner with colleagues - the food was very tasty, the ambience was good and there were queues out the door for most of the evening (the staff are so friendly we volunteered to give up our table and finish our drinks at the small bar). Service is prompt and efficient and I would highly recommend it if you are in the neighbourhood, or even if you are slightly outside it.
My partner and I visited Spice Symphony on our trip to NYC after reading so many great reviews on trip advisor and we were not disappointed! We took a chance and turned up without a reservation for an early dinner on a Thursday. We were promptly seated and staff were very friendly. I would recommend booking if possible - I think we were quite lucky to be seated as the restaurant is quite small. The restaurant was noticeably very clean and had a lovely, relaxed atmosphere. The waiting staff sang happy birthday and brought out a dessert for a customer next to us which was a nice touch. Then came our food which was absolutely delicious! We are both vegetarian and there was a great selection of dishes for us. We ordered samosas, paneer makhani, rice, naan and sides of dahl and madras all to share. It was all so good! Best curry I've ever had! The homemade paneer was wonderful -I can't recommend it enough! Overall, amazing food, relaxing atmosphere and great service. 
We were in NYC May 2015 and booked a table for 2 via Yelp. We arrived early and the place was about 30% full, so sat down straight away.I have a benchmark when it comes to indian food, well, 2 benchmarks, first is food cooked by the misses at home, second is a restaurant a few miles from home which does the best Shish Kebab ever. So I always go to a new place expecting to not be too excited.Cant remember the starters nowm, but the lamb mains I had was awesome - think it was the Chilli Lamb - but it was almost as if we had made it at home. My Wife who is a veggie had the Baigan Bhurta and she too loved it.We are back in July 2016, this time with the (adult) kids and will be returning. Had a chat with the owner too who was very pleasant and eager to get our feedback
Food is average, price is portioned well accordingly. I wasn't impressed by contents of vegetable manchurian but the veggie spring rolls were delicious. I would go again but not on top of my list of Indian food choices. Service is impeccable and very timely, friendly and courteous staff.
Our experience with Spice Symphony has been nothing short of amazing. We love coming here over and over to indulge in the exquisite indo-Chinese cuisine they serve. For those who are not familiar this is a fusion of Indian dishes and Chinese dishes. You will not find things like lo mein but you'll get incredible dishes like chili paneer and chicken Manchurian. While I may be a bit daunting to navigate at first we're very fortunate to have met the manager, Mr. Nisar, who always ensures we only get the best and freshest food served at our table. I must have visited at least a dozen times and every time the food was spectacular. I love how Mr. Nisar takes the time to learn our preferences and encourages us to sample different dishes. He always comes over to our table and spends ample time chatting. It's like meeting up with an old friend. I don't remember the last time I experienced such hospitality. The service and top-notch food make this place a homerun.
While the food was okay, the atmosphere was absolutely chaotic and extremely loud. We could not carry on a conversation without shouting. I would never go back nor recommend it to anyone else.
Excellent service, food and drinks. We were a party of 10 and made a reservation for dinner. We were seated upon arrival in a very cozy section of the restaurant. It was all great and if you like this type cuisine then you should come here. It was a good experience.
Made an impromptu visit for a family dinner. We got seated without much wait. Good selection for kids as well as grown ups. Food was cooked as expected and perfect spice level. Very impressed with the service and food recommendations.
Had a wonderful time dining at Spice Symphony. The food was DELICIOUS, service was spectacular. Special Shout out to Nisar and Prem for taking care of us. We dined here 4 times in one week/
Super leckeres indisches Essen. Wirklich gute Gerichte die sehr gut abgeschmeckt sind. Man muss allerdings etwas scharfes mögen.
Excellent Indian restaurant! Very friendly staff and amazing chicken tikka masala! we can definitely recommend this place.
The flavors of India, China, and Thailand come together in a symphony of spice, each dish a carefully crafted work of art. The attentive service and cozy atmosphere make it a great spot for a romantic dinner or a night out with friends. The menu is varied and interesting, and the chefs are always willing to accommodate special requests.
This place is world class. Nisar, the manager made us feel like royalty. He was able to customize the spice level of our food while maintaining 5 star quality. Everything served was incredibly prepared and delicious. If there were such thing as a 6 star dining experience, this is it. The atmosphere is wonderful, the staff is attentive and he food is next level. Highly recommend.
Really enjoyed the food and restaurant. Friendly owner from Wolverhampton UK he made a point of speaking to us. Lamb chops were really very good as was chicken tikka masala and lamb Rohan Josh. Friendly helpful staff. No draft lager but can cope with the that.
The food was excellent! Nisar made us feel very welcome even with a one year old in tow. They had a high chair and brought us some additional samples beyond our order. 
Chicken tikka masala is amazing. Service excellent!!!! Worth it. The service is quick, professionnal and our glass of water were always full. Everything we ate was good and full of flavours.
Have been visiting for the past 4 years. One of the best Indo-Chinese food in NYC. Absolutely love Nisar. He makes it a point to make your evening special.
Amazing food! Undiscovered New York gem. I would definitely go back. Really enjoyed the food and the vibe and the waiter was very friendly.
Brilliant Indo Chinese grub that will remind you of Kolkata Tangra Chinese Food. North Indian Tandoori dishes were exceptionally good too.
One of the most underrated spots in Manhattan! This place is amazing in every regard. The servers were very attentive and happy to give suggestions and make accommodations. Our server, Nisar, really went above and beyond. Husband got the salt and pepper prawns (at Nisar’s recommendation) and said it was one of the best thing he’s ever eaten! We also got the goan fish curry, garlic naan, and aloo gobi. I really appreciated all of the vegan and vegetarian options. Everything was delicious. Naan was cooked perfectly. This is a great date night spot or place to go and share with your friends. Highly recommend!!
My wife and I, as vegans, are always on the look for places we can eat properly. We are very glad that we found this gem in East Midtown New York. We tried two of the plant based options, and they were both amazing, spiced and spicy.Very recommended for vegans visiting New York.
We really enjoyed our family dinner here. Great COVID protocols and contact tracing. Very accomodiating re our vegan family member. Excellent food - will come back.
We sat outside on a nice evening. The two of us shared appetizers of Spinach Chaat (highly recommend!) and Samosas and shared Chicken Tikka Masala with an extra side of rice and garlic naan. Extensive wine menu. vegetarian and vegan options as well. Food was delicious...every single thing we tried!
Aldi was so nice, very professional. Everything was delicious! Many great vegan options. A place to go!
Great restaurant. Very tasty. We ordered the vegan dishes. I highly recommend it. Good service and great food!
I was looking for a restaurant suitable for me as vegan and for my husband, that eats everything 😉found this great restaurant and I’m so happy about it. In the menu there are a lot of options to choose from. Even for me as vegan. The food was delicious. Every bite of it.The service was very attentive . Our very nice and professional waiter was Santosh. He helped us choose the best dishes for us, and helped with all our requests. Great meal to remember. Will surely come again.
If you want something out of the ordinary look no further. There is something for all meat lovers to vegans. Thanks to Vijay for his excellent service. 
Excellent! I need to eat vegan for health reasons and my Indian lunch was perfect - tasty and nicely presented. My spouse had the Chinese option. He is not vegetarian and was equally satisfied. While we had lunch late (about 2:30), we were quite pleased by how low the noise level was.
A great find with fantastic food and attentive service. Make sure to have a reservation as the word is out! Great for vegans and vegetarians
This is my second time dining here and, just like the first time, I'm blown away with the level of excellence. Friendly greeting upon arrival, posh/stylish ambiance, large menu with many options and stellar service from a friendly and HIGHLY attentive staff.My hat's off to Nisar. This gentleman made to whole experience that much better with his warm and knowledgable service. He was quick with suggestions and was able to navigate my vegan requirements with ease! Also, he has a great sense of humor. THANK YOU NISAR!!!I cannot recommend this place enough. *Friendly Tip* Though they're happy to take walk-ins I highly strongly suggest you make a reservation for this place, especially if your party is more than 2; they fill up.
We often dine at Spice Symphony and thought it was about time to express our pleasure. The food and service are fantastic!! Need I say more. We have traveled to India and the cuisine is amongst our favorites. Spice Symphony rivals any Indian that we have ever eaten. In addition, I am vegan and they are happy to modify ingredients to accommodate. We are always well taken care of, and on our last visit Santosh was superb.
We dined at Spice Symphony last night. The food was outstanding and our choices were helped by the server. He listened to our dietary restrictions (one vegan in the group) and helped us put together a meal that served all palates! The ambiance was easy, warm, and welcoming. We stayed for hours!
I am vegan, my partner is not, but we were both accommodated with a delicious menu and knowledgeable staff. The food was amazing on both vegan/non vegan sides and Aldi (staff) knew the menu enough to direct on what was suitable and not. Every mouthful was delightful and we would recommend anyone visiting NYC who wants a decent curry to stop by!! Thank you so much!! 
Coming from Mtl, our second time in two months, this is an awesome place ! From the owner to Nisar (Manager) and all the crew (service and kitchen), we think this is a place you should not miss !!! 5 stars all the way !
We ate here twice during our 6 night stay in New York and both times experienced great service and fantastic food. A definite must if you are in NY and like Indian food!
Our waiter was fabulous and sold us on our menu choices. We loved the Tikka Masala and Aloo Gobi! Dip the Naan in the Tikka Masala and you have Heaven on your plate! Reservations are highly recommended.
Food excellent (including good vegetarian choices) and service friendly and helpful if a little uneven. Have been here a few times over a number of years and definitely a reliable place in midtown
The Indian thali and the Indo-Chinese thali are incredible. Nisar is a great host. Definitely recommend.
Wonderful offerings of Indian and Chinese cuisines! Though many choices have varying degrees of spicy heat, there are a few non-spicy dishes (such as ginger chicken and broccoli) for those with a milder palate. The service was excellent-with extra kudos to Nisar (waiter) who managed a special request for one of our guests.
The food is as fabulous as the manager, Nisar. He welcomed our whole family into his restaurant with such kindness. We just had carryout, but the inside was inviting and fun. Nisar was accommodating to us, providing plates so we could eat the food in our hotel room. When we returned to our hotel, we were delighted by every bite of each item-- the chicken lollipops, chicken Biryani, palak paneer, and Naan. The flavors were sophisticated, and the chicken was cooked to perfection (not dry!). I will say that even though we ordered the two entrees mild, they were rather spicy. I think spice varies across restaurants, chefs, and of course, palates. I do feel like better Indian cuisine is often prepared spicy, as it is more traditional. Check out this place. It is a ten!
What an amazing food & friendly service it was ! Always professional & ever so delightful host , Nisar, who has never failed to recognize its regulars like myself. I stay in nearby & stop by for their lunch specials every time I am back in town. It is so delicious . Especially in the Midtown in Manhattan with its lunch cost could go up to $100 upwards, this restaurant offers everything from the quality, quantity, & cost of the food. Highly recommend!
Love the food here always especially indo-Chinese menu, it’s my favourite. Nisar’s hospitality is just commendable. He’s such a great human. 
My wife and I had the Rajma (kidney bean curry) with rice and naan and the kids had paneer makhani with naan with samosa for starters. It was really spicy but delicious. It’s rare we finish food when going out but we did. The service was also excellent with the waiters diligently waiting on us. They were all very polite. A special hello goes out to the Englishman who was waiting on us.
Great food. The Chicken Tikka Masala might have been a little more spicy. the Tandoori Chicken was perfect just spicy as it should. Their naan were so tasty (onion, chili & garlic, peshawari).We had Rasmalai and Mango kulfi for dessert... good choice. Will go back to try their Jackfruit Biryani.
Ahmed and his staff were excellent, the food is fresh and simply superb; fantastic service & highly recommended. 
Great Indian and Indo-Chinese food. Went for lunch and really enjoyed it! The manager, Nisar, is also very friendly and helpful!
Fantastic Indian cuisine! Took my entire team and enjoyed each meal. Service was excellent!! Highly recommend!!
This restaurant is must visit site when you are in New York.The food is incredible, the lights are dimmed and the whole place is just buzzing with the great smell of amazing food..During our recent stay, we went here 3 times for dinner..
The food is superb. I would highly recommend the Paneer chili dry and the chicken lollipop appetizers. The Indochinese entrée are delicious .We tried the Hakka noodles and vegetable Manchurian. There are plenty of vegetarian options . Our server Raees was super helpful and courteous. I will definitely go back .
This deceptively laidback restaurant offers delicious Indian food in a refined atmosphere, with attentive staff and a lovely menu. Both their vegetarian and their meat dishes are equally good: we shared the chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, Punjabi kadhi pakora, and lamb vindaloo, and everything was fantastic. We also ordered garlic naan and the goat biryani to share, which were also tasty. The restaurant is conveniently located in Midtown East, which is near numerous hotels, museums, and theaters.
If you're in the mid-town area, do yourself a favor and try Spice Symphony. You'll be happy you did. Small place, so if you're meeting friends, you might want to make a reservation. I went vegetarian that day and didn't miss the meat at all. Started with a Curried Cauliflower Soup that was absolutely delicious. The Palak Paneer and Tandoori Naan were delightful. Extensive wine list and full bar. I look forward to my next visit!
Great prefixe lunch menu with options for vegetarians. Service was excellent and staff very accommodating. 
Had a guest who was vegetarian. Was late getting into town. I hadn’t been a big fan of indian food but it meet our needs. I was pleasantly surprised and was a wonderful place and get collection of foods to try.
Food was delicious. I’m not vegetarian but my wife and I both had vegetarian dishes. Both were very good. Service was great and waiters were helpful in ordering. We also had the chicken popsicle appetizer and really enjoyed it. We would definitely come again.
Had lunch Jan 2020. I was the only one seated inside but a brisk take out volume was observed. The vegetarian curry with rice and naan bread was great. I was well cared for by my server Nisan.
We are big Indian food fans and had eaten before at the more casual Spice Symphony branch near Curry Hill. It was only meeting a friend midtown that led us to East 50th Street. It's the same great food and imaginitive menu, with a much more stylish decor worthy of a celebratory meal. I see many people have reviewed our favorite dishes - the Goan Fish Curry (but we liked the Kerala one, which is spicier, a bit better.) The selection of naans is amazing, we love the Peshawari and tried the garlic and cheeses ones as well. The latter was actually like a grilled cheese sandwich. Vegetables are our favorite and vegetarians will have a blast here because the eggplant, chopped mushrooms with spinach and corn, bean dishes and daals are so flavorful. Their house mango chutney is delicious too, not quite as fond of the three fruit flavor chutney which turned out to be tiny dishes of chopped dried fruits to mix in with the curries. Tandoor dishes and kebabs outstanding. Desserts also excellent. Let us not forget the wait staff who are attentive but fun; Aldi teased us about having extra guests arriving when he saw how much we were ordering -- then happily bagged the leftovers for us. All the staff has been great at our visits, opinionated about what to eat (like suggesting the divine lamb shank in tomato and onion curry) and concerned about our reaction to the flavors. So it's a cross-cultural communal experience as well. If you really like Indian food beyond samosas, this place is a must.
The wine list is amazing!! Try the Chardonnay’s here. And ask the waiter for wines that are not on the menu ... you would be surprised with their finesse. The waiters know their wines; and they know what food to recommend. I am a vegetarian ... and I got paneer chilly dry. My friend from Germany got the chicken chilly and the rogan josh. He was delighted!! Out of the blue, the owner of the restaurant greeted us. I had the best experience of my life today in NYC.
Spice Symphony is a great option to have dinner before a Broadway show. We were able to get reservations early midweek. Seated & served promptly. The menu has many choices- the usual Indian fare along with Indian-Chinese dishes. We tried some of each. The food was spicy, but not overpowering. The Dry Cauliflower in the Indian-Chinese section was the best. Plenty of choices for vegetarians & carnivores alike. Check it out, it's very tasty!
We are from Atlanta, where we have a large Indian population and loaded with authentic Indian restaurants. Spice Symphony is all that, the real deal authentic with excellent service from the staff. They serve both meat and vegetarian food. We love Veg and the dishes were spot on authentic and delicious. Highly recommend for an outstanding meal
Best indo chinese in NYC! Nisar was a great host and we had an amazing experience ❤️ Really recommend chicken lollipops!
Absolutely wonderful Indian food. It doesn't get much better than this. We had dinner before Steve Cohen's magic show at the Lotte Palace (highly recommend this as well). If you like Indian food, this is the place to go. I have never had samosas or Onion Kulcha as good as they make it. If you go there, ask for Omkar. He was a fabulous waiter and took very good care of us from suggesting dishes, amount to order, and in general very attentive.
I’m generally not an Indian food lover because I don’t like spicy food. Spice Symphony made an Indian food lover out of me. I explained to the server I don’t like spicy and he helped me decide what to have. My husband loves spicy so he was very happy too. The food, service and ambiance were all on point. I would definitely go back again.
The food is superb. I would highly recommend the Paneer chili dry and the chicken lollipop appetizers. The Indochinese entrée are delicious .We tried the Hakka noodles and vegetable Manchurian. There are plenty of vegetarian options . Our server Raees was super helpful and courteous. I will definitely go back .
Spice Symphony is great! I have been several years to Symphony and have loved the delicious authentic Indian foodThe manager, Nissar is warm and always hospitable with sincere interest in pleasing us.A triumph of the first order!
The food was absolutely delicious! Nisar was incredibly kind and recommended a few dishes that were SO TASTY!!! 
Best Indian food I’ve ever had. Very friendly staff and great service. Nasir is the man and really took care of us. Strongly recommend coming to this restaurant
If you want hot and perfect flavors…this is your place! The lamb vindaloo is superb. The friendliest and best service. They treated us so well despite having two of the most hyper and active kids ever. They were so interactive and attentive. Would highly recommend this place to any group looking for spicy food with a great atmosphere:)
Spectacular spices. Loved it. Great service. Wonderful meal. Will go back next time in NYC. Thank you. 
Delicious food. I ordered the butter chicken at the suggestion of Nasir. Nasir was so personable and knowledgeable. By far the best Indian food I’ve had. Ambience was outstanding.
We had a wonderful meal! My daughter has celiacs, and our waiter, Nisar, was more than accommodating and made sure she was accommodated. He went out of his way to have the kitchen prepare something special for her!! The atmosphere was great and and the food was delicious! We will definitely go back. 
Absolutely amazing experience and it was all due to our waiter, Nisar! We are traveling with a child with Celiac and Nisar and the chef went out of their way to make sure she had a memorable experience. The food is extremely flavorful and the atmosphere is lovely. We are only here for the weekend but we may return for another meal!! Thank you Spice Symphony and especially thank you to Nisar!
Spice symphony is the best place for Indo Chinese in NYC. From the best chilly paneer and gobi manchurian to general tso chicken and chowmein this place makes every single dish amazingly.The amazing food coupled with amazing service by front of staff Nisar and the owner Prem too makes this place feel like a home away from home. If you’re looking to get transported back to india enjoy some amazing Indian and Indo Chinese food and sip on some delicious cocktails as well this is the place to come.I bring every single one of my friends here when they visit the city. 100 on 10 would recommend
Good food, nice staff, nice ambiance. Nisar was very nice and polite. I didn't like my drink, they changed it to different drink, without extra charge. 
Excellent spot for Indian food. Very nice atmosphere, very attentive service, excellent food!! highly recommend.
When we travel to cities we always seek Indian cuisine. Our recent trip to NYC included one of our most delectable meals ever at the aptly named restaurant Spice Symphony on 50th St. We enjoyed several lovely dishes, but my personal favorite was the aloo gobi. The atmosphere was inviting and the service impressed. We are envious of the NYC residents proximity to this culinary star. It’s a must visit in NYC.
Our first trip to New York and eating here was one of the main highlights. Great food and exceptional service from our waiter Karim😃
Omkar gave great recommendations. Food was amazing. 4 people eating, all food was delicious. Lean on server for recommendations and you won’t be disappointed.
We had a wonderful dinner tonight at Spice Symphony. Our waiter Nisar was very attentive and had great suggestions about what to order. The dishes were all delicious- the butter chicken was especially good. the atmosphere was cozy- I especially liked that there was space between the tables-
I went in for dinner with friends. The food and service were both excellent. I misplaced my receipt and called the next day to see if they could send over a new copy. Nisar was very helpful and sent it over right away. I can't say enough about how attentive and friendly the staff was. Thank you all. We'll be back soon.
My boyfriend and I love this restaurant! I grew up in New York City and think this is the best Indian restaurant! The food is delicious and the staff is so welcoming and attentive. We particularly appreciate Nisar, who waited on us the last time we had dinner here. He checked on our table throughout the night, gave great suggestions, and overall was such a delight. The owner of the restaurant truly puts his heart into making sure his guests have the best meal. We’ve had many wonderful memories and will continue to come! 
It was a wonderful lunch experience the Manager Mr Nisar and his entire staff were amazing they really took great care of us and made our lunch experience a most memorable one! Will definitely go back there again.
This place and the people here are absolutely amazing I had to make a review. Nisar helped me get an emergency delivery order within the 3 hours for a big corporates company. He is a lifesaver! On top of the fact, the food was so delicious. Everyone at the office is obsessed and asking for the information so they can go here on their own. I am so pleased with everything. They have gain a lifelong customer.
Over the last five decades I have eaten in many of the finest restaurants around the world. For many years I wrote reviews as a food critic. The cuisine at Spice Symphony is truly extraordinary! It is indeed a rare and beautiful treasure of culinary excellence.It offers taste sensation so exceptional your taste buds will explode in pleasure and delight and remember these flavors for years to come. I know I will be returning over and over and over again. This restaurant is a celebration of culinary excellence! I highly recommend everybody enjoys what Tripadvisor is calling the number one Indian food restaurant in New York City. 
Went to this location of Spice Symphony with in laws last weekend and had a great Indian dining experience. The atmosphere of the restaurant, the vibe from the music, and the excellent service headed by Omkar made it a memorable and rather delicious night out. We usually order our standard choices, but was encouraged by Omkar to try some of his recommendations which were outstanding. Look forward to returning when back in town.
Extraordinary food, lovely atmosphere and--best of all--our maitre de, Nisar. Nisar was wonderfully attentive, making sure we were comfortable and taken care of. When our waiter took a bit long to get to us, Nisar made sure we were properly served once he became aware of the situation. I highly recommend Spice Symphony.
Had an incredible dinner tonight at Spice Symphony! The restaurant was recommended by our hotel and we are so glad we came! From the first appetizer to dessert, each dish was more delicious then the next, perfectly seasoned and not like above any other Indian restaurant we have tried in Manhattan! Our waiter Omkar was very helpful with our order and we had excellent service throughout our meal. We will be back soon!!!
awesome Indian chinese food and love the warmth of the restaurant especially Nisar. we always go to celebrate family occasions, our favorite go to place
The Lower Eastside of Manhattan is home to an overwhelming number of Indian restaurants. We didn't know where to start. Last night my boyfriend selected Spice Symphony on East 50th for date night. What a wonderful selection it turned out to be!!!It was our first time there, and the first time in a long time either of us had dined at an Indian restaurant. Our host Nisar, was amazing! He walked us through the menu helping us with our selections and inquired about our spice levels. ( I personally like the wonderful flavor and seasoning of spice but not much heat.) The food arrived at the table at the exact spice levels we requested. ...and every morsel was DELICIOUS!!In addition to Nisar, the service was flawless!! ...very attentive and friendly wait staff. We had a very pleasant time and highly recommend Spice Symphony with an A+ for food, service, and ambience!! We will return.❤️
The garlic naan here is really, really good! We were able to get in without a reservation on a Saturday evening at 5pm.
Excellent food overall. Great variety of options and interesting Indian/Chinese fusion. Friendly admosphere; comfortable solo dining Fit the bill perfectly--very good food and service, and convenient.
Came here before catching Funny Girl since it was right next to our hotel. Nisar was amazing and knew we were in a hurry so he made sure we got everything in a timely manner. He recommended amazing dishes (they were my favorite ones!) and was so attentive and wonderful. Amazing food, amazing service, amazing place! 
One of the best if not the best Indian Cuisine you will find in NYC. The atmosphere was great and the food was simply out of this world!The server Omkar was tip top and his recommendations were spot on.I am adding this place to my go to list, I can not wait to come back.
Aucune photo et peu de commentaires car je vous laisse le plaisir de vous rendre dans cet excellent restaurant indien dans lequel vous serez accueilli avec gentillesse et professionnalisme.Vous pouvez vous y rendre les yeux fermés et il mérite amplement sa première place.Merci à eux pour ce magnifiques moments.
The restaurant is small on the outside, but inside it's another world of smells and flavors, starting with the wonderful scent of the environment. We were very well attended by OMKAR, he was very kind, friendly and attentive to us. We will never forget the friendliness of Omkar and the other employees. Ahhhh! The food?? It’s perfect! Only this; perfect!!
Found this spot when researching places to eat in mid-town. Myself and my wife went here for dinner one night and it didn't disappoint! Staff are very welcoming and the restaurant is lovely. Authentic and tasty indian food served. Generous portions and excellent service. We had starters, mains and gome nann bread....that was it....zero room for any deserts. If you like Indian food, I would recommend Spice Symphony. We will definitely go back next time we are in NY. 
Found this Indian Restaurant on a couple different review sites, very highly rated and for good reason. While very busy, I was seated almost immediately and within a couple minutes water was served. After a short wait the waiter took my order of Tikka Masala sauce only, Chicken Biryani, side of Basmati rice and Papadum. The Papadum was served within minutes, and as I was finishing my order arrived. The flavor was delicious, the food hot temperature-wise. The service could not be better, very attentive throughout the entire meal (kodos to NISAR and the entire staff). Highly recommend. 
The food is excellent and the service is even better! Everybody is super friendly, and Nasir takes hospitality to the next level. I'm coming back for sure! 💜
Excellent Indian Cuisine. Our server Raees was friendly and attentive. He provided some good recommendations on the restaurant's specialties. The Chili Garlic Naan and Chicken Vindaloo were both delicious.
Kumar was great! Everything was good - ambiance, food and especially the service. Everything thing from appetizers to main course tasted good! 
Fantastic find. I live in NYC and was craving Indian food. I’m quite a connaisseur as I went to India many times. Nisar greeted us and was a great host, friendly and attentive. The naan was super fresh, the chicken avocado and sheesh kebabs moist and delicious, I will definitely come back. 
Second time we have gone to this restaurant in the past year. Had the excellent tandoori shrimp and tried the chicken manchow soup, which was fantastic! Lingered for 2.5 hours before heading to RCMH to see John Fogerty. Great dinner and waiter, Nisar?, was excellent. Will definitely be back. 👍
Simple ambiance but excellent sophisticated taste! This place does not cut corners. Excellent quality. We had tried biryani, tikka masala and goan fish curry - all great deeply aromatic dishes. Raees, our waiter, was great. He educated us on cuisine, history of dishes and gave us a coupe of things on the house. Very pleasant experience!
This is my third time eating here and I've yet to have a bad experience! The food is just delicious! Nisar welcomed us on this occasion and kicked off another great meal. 
La primera vez visitamos el otro local, esta vez fuimos al de la 50th y es realmente extraordinario Si les gusta la comida india es infaltable
Went for lunch at 2. They made it clear they closed at 3 and throughout our visit we felt rushed to the point of being truly annoyed. First impression of the place was also negatively affected by a strong smell of industrial disinfectant. Not one bit appetizing. The food was ok. Nothing special. I would skip.
My husband and I were visiting New York. People asked why we were going. My response? “To eat.” We had a lovely lunch at Spice Symphony. I had the lamb korma. My husband had the chicken tikka. A side of yellow dal. Garlic naan. A bottle of Sauvignon blank. All to share. We both murmured with pleasure with our first bites. Nisar, the owner, was a gem. He takes great pride in the food he serves, as he should. We will be back!
Ate here with my friends and it was excellent. The food was delicious. The staff were attentive and so accommodating. The manager, Nisar, made sure we had a great time. We were served complimentary appetizer and ice cream. I would definitely come back here!
We just landed and checked into our hotel- the Spice Symphony was attached so we grabbed dinner. The food was amazing- my salt and pepper prawns were the best I’ve had. The manager, Nisar, was welcoming and helped us navigate the menu. His suggestions were perfect! We will be back!
Insanely good food. The chicken tikka masala is my favorite and it is taste to the highest quality. Every time we visit New York this is must in our list.Nissar always makes you feel like a family.They are great.
Would give it 6 stars if we could every part of our dining experience was conducted like a professional symphony. We left the ordering to server Kumar who overdelivered, the dry chicken appetizer and lamb special entree stood out as having the perfect taste and texture. Fall apart tender with just the right heat and spice combination. The wine list was an unexpected surprise, great choices at all price ranges.
Words are less to express… amazing food great drinks and beautiful ambience . Their hospitality is great and very friendly and happy staff.. Nisar in particular is awesome. He explained so amazingly about the food and the spice level and was very polite and cheerful. i would highly recommend this place.
First of all , Nisar, our host was amazing.. professional, friendly, offered suggestions from the menu after finding out what we liked to eat, and even offered my kids a delicious mango drink on the house! Yes, the food is Indian/Chinese/ Asian fusion and they manage to get it right. Definitely more for an Indian palette. Not your typical Chinese restaurant menu. All in all the food was fantastic!Trendy, yet authentic. Comfortable feel to the place. Clean and decorated beautifully. Service was exceptional. Would definitely go back and recommend to others. I also would suggest making a reservation.
I'd never profess to being a huge fan of Indian cuisine (I like it in doses, but typically don't love) but my wife and I wanted a dinner somewhat spicy and leaning Asian, and as we were staying at the Lexington Hotel, Spice Symphony was worth a try...and blew our socks off! The cuisine was FANTASTIC, and the restaurant has a very cool vibe; low-key, music like you'd hear getting a massage. So relaxing. Items very fairly priced. The owner, manager and staff couldn't be nicer. We felt very much at home. We started with the crisp spinach tempura (Chaat) as it sounded unique. It was packed with flavor and so delicate. The chicken manchow soup was delicious; went with a "heat level" of 6 out of 10 and it was just spicy enough without going overboard; packed with flavor that perfectly balanced the soy sauce undertones with Indian spices. Excellent starters! For main courses we split the Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Manchurian; both dynamic. The vindaloo brought the heat with a tasty red sauce. The manchurian was phenomenal; sauce was great and made for great dipping with the Garlic Naan. Will go out of the way to dine here again, highly recommended!
Быстрое обслуживание, очень вкусная еда, рекомендуем! Мы здесь ужинали в первый день приезда в город и не пожалели) очень аутентично
This is a lovely restaurant with very good dishes and extremely friendly staff. The lunch special was a tasty combo of small dishes with a crispy, soft naan. I definitely ate much more than I intended! The manager, Nisar, was so nice, even insisting I take his umbrella since it had unexpectedly started raining and I was walking back to my hotel. I highly recommend this restaurant!!
We went for dinner as we were staying next door. There’s a reason it’s rated 14 out of over 7000 restaurants. This isn’t your ordinary Indian food Resto. So many things on the menu we’ve never had before. Prices were reasonable considering we’re in NYC.Over two visits we tried Spinach Chaat. Goan fish curry. Tellicherri Pepper Chicken. Paneer Chili Dry. Chicken Atilla Masala.There wasn’t one dish we wouldn’t order again. All Unique and full of flavour.Even the garlic naan was delicious.Service was so friendly and efficient. Any questions were cheerfully addressed and the suggestions were all good ones.I can’t say enough good things about Spice Symphony except that when next we book a hotel in NYC we’ll look for something close by again.
If you are looking for the authentic Indian food with an affordable price, then this is THE PLACE! They have pretty much covered North, South and West Indian cuisines. Their Indo chinese cuisine is impeccable! The samosa chaat reminded me of the Mumbai street chaat! I personally wanted to thank the chef for the Indo Chinese food and the Samosa chaat. Their lunch is very affordable with varities of food. My husband and I liked the combination of their Daily Lunch special. They have very well considered veg, non veg and sea food lovers for their Daily Lunch menu. My husband picked chicken malai as the appetizer, veg fried rice ( unlimited)and chicken manchurian for the entree and I picked samosa chaat as the appetizer with shrimp manchurian with veg fried rice and desert, which costed us only $32. This didn't end here. We took Triple Szechuan noodles with shrimp manchurian and a chicken tikka take away! I was not that happy with their Mango lassi, it was a bit sour, so we went for the diet coke. The place can accomodate 10 to 15 people ,so most of the orders were pick up and home deliveries!The manager was a great guy, who helped us to choose the right food from the menu. He was very friendly and approachable! Great hospitality, value for money and time!I would recommend this place to all my friends! It's worth to give a try!
No trip to New York would be complete without a visit to Spice Symphony. Everything from the ease of making reservations, to being greeted at the door and the dining experience is out of this world. Nisar always makes us feel welcomed and we love how he goes into deep detail on how the food is prepared and the spices used.
The food is excellent—a lot of choices. Starters are great. The staff was very cordial. The manager (Nisar) made the occasion special for our friend for her birthday.
My husband me and a friend had lunch at Spice Symphony today. We were celebrating Christmas. This was our first experience at this Indian restaurant. From start to finish, the service was exceptional. We were greeted by Mr Ravi Sharma and were seated at a very nice table. Our friend showed up a few minutes after us. In the meanwhile, we looked at the wine list. We ordered a glass of wine each. The staff were extremely polite and informative. Our friend showed up and we decided to order lunch. The food was delicious. That was the best Indian food I had in a very long time. We all enjoyed the food, and I know because I grew up in India and I am a chef as well. Ravi was very knowledgeable, informative, and very patient. He has a wide knowledge of wine. and the food. We had chicken biryani, Tellicherri pepper chicken, Aloo Gobi, Aloo Paratha, and Laccha paratha. The food was divine. The staff remained polite and friendly. I will definitely go back to this restaurant, and if Ravi Sharma is off, ask for Amit. Tell them I sent you, and they will give you kulfi on the house.Spice Symphony is definitely worth the try. Thanks,Zita A.
It’s a smaller place around the corner from the Waldorf and Lotte Palace, but the service from Nisar was excellent. The food was some of the best Indian food we have had in NYC. The chicken tikka masala and the samosas were fabulous!
The NYTimes is right about this place. An absolutely top to bottom unbelievable meal. Huge thanks to Afan S--really helped us order right, made sure we didn't miss a single showstopper, impeccable service top to bottom. Will definitely be back!
Absolutely AMAZING food!! Definitely order the Spinach Chaat as an appetizer. Chicken Tikka Masala and Salt and Pepper Prawns were some of the most delicious food we’ve ever had. Nisar was an amazing host, we trusted his recommendations and he led us to ordering the perfect meal. We loved the restaurant atmosphere and the wonderful service. I’ll be savoring the memory of this restaurant for a long time.
Service was awesome. Nisar was just so friendly. He never once interrupted our meal. He made sure us girls had time to chat, enjoy and have fun. Staff was very attentive. We didn't like our drink and they fixed it for us. Best part was food. Really delicious. They are good at handling large groups. 
Wonderful and cozy. Shared a Tikka Masala with my daughter, had some plain Naan and were amazed by the delicate flavours. Definitely one of the nicest restaurants we’ve tried.
Our hotel recommended this restaurant and made the reservation. From the moment we walked in we saw why it was recommended. The wait staff was friendly and welcoming as we entered. We ordered a bottle of wine and were able to enjoy a glass before ordering. They brought us a vegetable dumpling to start our meal and y he flavor was incredible. Such a delightful start to our meal. We had spring rolls and hot and sour soup as an appetizer. Both were amazing with a fresh taste and the perfect amount of spice. With no pressure to order we were able to enjoy our appetizers. For our entree we shared Chicken Tikka Masala which was fantastic. It had a slight smoky flavor and wasn’t too sweet. The naan bread that accompanied it was very tasty. The price was very reasonable for NYC. Definitely a restaurant we will visit again. Nisar was amazing and made us feel relaxed and not rushed at all with great recommendations. Definitely recommend!
The food was amazing, prices were great and the service was over the top. Our server was Afans and he made the experience lovely. We stumbled upon this gem of a restaurant after the show. I highly recommend!
Fantastic food, ambiance, and service! We had a reservation and they sat us right away. Would absolutely recommend and go back.
Great food and experience! Afan took care of us and we loved our meal. We will definitely be back for more next time.
Arriving after a short walk, we were greeted and swiftly sat. The menu is large but really simple and we decided to go all Indian with some Tandoori chicken, lamb vindaloo. And garlic naan. The vindaloo was amazing and not particularly hot on first bite - but in minutes I felt the heat on my head. The service was also swift, if not a bit unfriendly, and it is reasonably priced. This was our favorite Indian food ever.
Best restaurant I have been to, best service amazing and yummiest food, Indo Chinese Specially. Nisar- took care of us, I was zapped to see such a top level customer service. I was traveling to CN on the way I stopped in NYC I was running late so I requested Nisar to please make it quick, The moment I gave him confirmation that I am walking toward the restuarent. To my surprise the table was served, the food was piping hot each and every request I made was taken care off. Best Veg Chinese I had there. My daughter just loved there chicken lollipops and we enjoyed both Veg Chinese and Indian dishes. Just yummy and delicious. I never write reviews too lazy to do that. But Nisar’s impeccable service and restaurants great food compelled me to do that. Well Deserved. Let me also mention I had food there one year back on NYC trip, they maintained the taste. The Food taste was same yummy as before…….it’s very rare in USA for any restaurant to maintain there food taste.
Solid and tasty Indian choice in midtown. The three course lunch menu was a great deal and the service was friendly. Nothing out of the ordinary here but fine, well made indian food. Go with the Indian rather than the indo- chinese option for greater variety. Food warm but not hot.
Got a recommendation to come here from a former New Yorker and it was the best advice of the day!! Excellent menu, service & atmosphere. Nisar & staff took great care of us. Will definitely be coming again once back in town. A must try!
Our family of seven, all from out of town, had a lovely lunch at Spice Symphony. Amit was very solicitous and the food was delicious. As a gluten sensitive individual, I enjoyed the Palak Paneer with a side of papadum. Outstanding! Everyone in our party, including a 13 and 11 year old, enjoyed the total dining experience. I highly recommend the flavors of Spice Symphony. Thank you Amit and servers!
Will start off by saying, I think we likely just got unlucky on our waiter (middle-aged male who never introduced himself). It was 5-10 minutes before he ever made it to the table after we sat down. I asked about gluten-free options, and he seemed very disinterested in helping. He literally showed me 2 items on the menu, “you can have this and this”. Our initial drink order finally arrived AFTER we finished our app. Our waters never got refilled. After we were well finished eating, I finally had to wave him down for a check, then he brings a dessert menu instead?!? Food was 7-8 out of 10 though vs other Indian food I’ve eaten around the world. Solid, but it’s not London or India.
Our meal was perfect and our wine as well. Our server Nisar was aware of our gluten free needs and helped us with our selections. We were happy and satisfied!
This establishment lives up to the hype on its reviews. Bottom line..... the food is amazing. Every dish we enjoyed balanced a complex blend of flavors with high quality ingredients. Our waiter Santosh was excited about the alacrity with which we devoured the meal and quipped “ my grandmother would be so proud of this table!” My wife is gluten free and there are many options. The lamb chop was very likely the best we have ever had as well as the coconut shrimp dish. I hesitate to give specifics because everything we had was terrific and we cannot wait to go back. Thanks so much!!! 
Ok this is like the 4th time here and it never ceases to amaze me. This is my 12 and 10 year olds first trip to nyc and they were not up for indian food. They wanted pizza, but we made them come because we knew this would be a big moment for them. Guess what it was. My wife is gluten free check she’s smiling. My sister in law vegan she’s giddy. My brother in law had jaw surgery and only could have tender food ... the lamb fell apart in his mouth. My boys are a the tiki masala and pakoras before I got to it. So we ordered more. Service is incredible as usual. Always listen to them when you order the lamb special was well special. I was worried when I forced everyone to come here for dinner but now I’m a hero... so be a hero and bring the family you will not regret it.
We visited here for lunch, as I am coeliac I have to eat gluten free and they were very helpful with advising on which meals were gluten free and there was plenty of choice. We had the lamb rogen josh and chicken tikka masala. They were both delicious, the chicken tikka masala was the best we have ever tasted! 
We booked this after reading trip advisor. It had a good history we were met by the Aldi very helpful and friendly. My wife is Coeliac and most of the food is gluten free. The food was extremely good the best I have had. Good value a must try if in New York 
Small place, and VERY attentive service. The waiter was fabulous with my wife's gluten allergy & garlic issues, making recommendations, even from the chef! Food was extremely delicious.Highly recommend 
We had been disappointed in a restaurant where we planned to eat and were walking in search of good food when we came across Spice Symphony. The staff is extremely helpful, especially since we are both gluten intolerant. The Indian Food was excellent and on our second visit the server recommended something that wasn't even on the menu. The chef recognized that one of the orders had been made a few days earlier with the same requests and he came out to meet us. It's a small restaurant but well worth a visit. It will be at the top of our list on our next visit to New York.
We went without a reservation and were kindly squeezed between other reservations. Our waiter Nisar was one of the best waiters I’ve ever encountered. Exceptionally attentive to our needs, and frequently checking in. I can’t eat dairy and he was very careful with his recommendations, even sending back the free amuse bouche because the sauce had a touch of dairy. It came back without the sauce and was delicious. The glass of wine was wonderful (Tempranillo) and it was a delightful experience. We had the shrimp piri piri and chicken biryani, adjusted to our spice preference. I cannot recommend this highly enough. 
 Indian Chinese food is delicious and healthy meal. I haven't had this good outside of Mumbai. This place is clean, good ambiance and service. Another branch soon to open on 46 West.
Spice Symphony has amazing food. Nisar is an accommodating and lovely host. The restaurant is clean and comfortable. One of the best restaurants in NYC!
This Indian / indo China restaurant was located next door to our Hotel Th San Carlos just off Lex Avn and 50th E....Spotless and clean with friendly staff We called in once or twice and we must say that the food was amazing...middle of the road in regards to pricing but really worth a visit or call in for a pick up and these guys even deliver. There is only one price and no discount for take out...hey ho...still fabulous...!!!!
The food here was absolutely delicious and the service was fantastic. The staff here was very attentive and made sure we tried many items. We shared the chicken tikka masala, avocado kabob, and chicken biryani. I would highly recommend this place! (The only picture I have is of our clean plates!)
We were very satisfied by the services. Delicious food and drinks. The place was clean and we liked our waiter. We were also happy by their precautions concerning covid.
We made reservations for a friend's birthday. The moment we came in, we were greeted warmly. Covid restrictions were also followed. Our temperatures were taken, we were given hand sanitizers, everyone was wearing masks. The staff was attentive, nice and courteous and ready to answer all inquiries and accommodate our requests.FOOD WAS DELICIOUS. I definitely recommend the Mango Lassi. It's a very refreshing mango drink, perfect for all seasons. Presentation was great and serving size fits the price. My friend who's pretty peculiar about her food said that they have one of the most authentic Indian food they had ever tasted. They did not disappoint.The atmosphere was quiet, quaint and upscale looking. AND CLEAN. The place is very clean.Shout out to Nissar for the excellent service and recommendations. He made our night and it was truly one of the best birthday experiences ever.10/10 would definitely recommend and go there again!
We have been here several times now, and every time the food and service is wonderful. It’s a clean restaurant with an excellent staff, especially Nisar who goes out of his way to make sure the customer service is top notch. Excellent choice of restaurant, you won’t be disappointed.
My fiancé and I live in the neighborhood and thought we would try a new Indian restaurant for a change and eat outside instead of getting takeout. We are so glad that we found Spice Symphony! Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and there were far more unique options than the restaurant we typically get Indian food from. We shared the Gobi Manchurian Dry for an appetizer, and the Baghare Baingan and a side of Yellow Dal Tadka and laccha parantha bread for our main dish. Our server, Nissar, was so accommodating and helpful with any questions that we had! He even brought us a complimentary dessert (which was delicious) to end the night! We felt completely safe eating outside as the tables were well spaced and the block isn’t super busy with pedestrians. We were given hand sanitizer when we sat down and our silverware/napkins were wrapped in cellophane to keep things extra clean. We will absolutely be back! Definitely try the laccha parantha bread - it was delicious!
We would eat here every day if we could. The service is always friendly, the atmosphere reallt cozy and the place is very clean, the food incredible. You could go dressed up or down and always fit in. The shrimp appetizer and the hot and sour soup simply the best.
Came here on a recommendation. Staying by Time Square and this was the perfect walk. Arrived and we were seated immediately even though we were early for our reservation. We ordered the the butterfly shrimp which was delicious. Aldi was our server and he did a grata job getting our food and making sore that everything came out correct. We ordered the Shrimp Moliey and the Chicken Tikka Masala it comes out mild and I prefer the spicy so requested a little extra spice which added a nice kick that made it just right. Also ordered the Garlic and Cheese Naan . Also ordered the shrimp fried rice . For dessert we we the donuts and the rice pudding. Aldi also informed us that they have a great weekend brunch. This is definitely a great place to come while you’re visiting. Location is great and very clean and great atmosphere.
I would eat here every day if I could. Hands down best dinner we had on our trip. The service was friendly, the atmosphere was cozy and clean, the food was incredible. You could go dressed up or down and fit in. Get the shrimp appetizer and the hot and sour soup!
Good foodLoved the menu that offered an extensive choice of Indian regional cuisine and Indo-Chinese foodThe stand out was the service and thanks to Vijay who made that happen. He was professional, attentive, explained the menu well and made certain that our order was sufficient.The assistant/ Busboy (do not know his name) was also very attentive and made certain that the water was refilled, the tables were kept clean and the food served well.Will certainly visit again when in NYC
We had a wonderful experience! The food is superb! My friend is not a big fan of Indian food but we took her here and her mind was blow. Every dish was flavorful and delicious. We had the samosas, the cheese balls, the tikka chicken, the cashew dish and more. It’s a do not miss restaurant in NYC. I highly recommend reserving a table. The atmosphere is very clean and relaxing as well.
We go to Spice Symphony every time we come to NYC. Nisar ,our server, is gracious and accommodating. He always has wonderful suggestions. Atmosphere is pleasant and clean and menu is full of choices. We love it there ! See you in a couple months !!!
Larger than it looks from outside. Helpful staff. Busy often with groups of locals. Ideal for groups as such a mixed food choice. Food lovely. No longer open for breakfast.
Spicy Symphony is consistent on good quality. I eat here every time I come to NYC and I have a blast! Sometimes I visit this place more than once on my trip... 😝 The butter chicken is the same as in India, and actually many locals frequent this restaurant too. The service is always exceptional!
The service is mediocre at best. We waited 45 minutes for a salad appetizer . It looked pathetic , dry, and totally uninspiring . The best part was that I did not get my cutlery for another 15 minutes. So I did not miss much . We returned the salad after a couple bites .My ordered the salmon and I ordered lamb vindoloo. The dishes are nothing special and absolutely do not justify this high rating .Any other local Indian place is just as good .Trip advisor really got this one wrong and was very misleading .
After 2 days local food I just booked a Indian restaurant. The food is different from the one served in EU but very good . Standard offer for Indian chicken tikka, shrimp coconut sauce, service friendly . But we had to wait long before having our table . Prices are average for NYC . Local customers and Indian which is always a good sign ... 
Food was delicious. Great ambience with friendly staff. Nisar was great and he gave us useful pointers on sight-seeing from a local’s perspective. We know where to go for our dinner next time we visit NY City!
We came in for dinner on Tuesday. We ordered Tandoori chicken wings, Garlic Naan, chicken rolls, lamb Vindaloo & Goan Fish Curry. As I’m writing this I’m eating my leftovers because it’s so delicious but my mouth was on FIRE at the restaurant so I couldn’t finish it. We couldn’t have asked for better service & hospitality. ALDI was fabulous. Attentive. Friendly & personable. He’s a great addition to a great restaurant. The entire staff was on point. The ambience was appropriate for the hour. If you’re a tourist or a local I highly recommend this place. Kudos to a terrific place in midtown! (I never give 5 stars. Spice Symphony gets 5 stars it’s that good)
We were staying local at the Hilton and I found this restaurant on trip advisor, it had such good reviews wanted to give it a try. We were not disappointed! My husband had a chicken tikka masala and I had chicken biryani - both thoroughly enjoyed our meals along with our naan bread. Our water was topped up without needing to ask, great service from staff and in particular our waiter Santoosh. I would recommend if in the area, or if you are looking for nice Indian food you will not be disappointed. I would recommend booking in advance as it was a popular choice. Great meal 
We found this gem local to our hotel on Lexington. Very nice food - my wife was particularly impressed with her chicken and sweetcorn soup. The waiter - Vijay - was both attentive and entertaining. Tomorrow is our last night so we won’t be able to return, but if I lived locally I would have no hesitation. 5*
Went here on a Friday evening while staying nearby purely based on Tripadvisor high ranking reviews. Got the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan bread. Rice looked like it was Uncle Bens long grain rice, sauce for chicken was bland with little flavour. Naan was ok. I do not mean to come across as a know it all but Indian food in the US is no where near the standards we have here in the UK. So if you are from the UK eating here do not expect anything amazing compared to the better dishes at far more good value we get in the UK. Even my local Camspice in Gt Eversden Cambridgeshire blows this place out of the water completely.
We were staying across the street and decided to try Spice Symphony based on reviews. We eat Indian food a lot and Spice was just excellent...with creative dishes done perfectly. The starters all looked good. The cauliflower soup was yummy and my lamb chops done to perfection. Eggplant dish as well topped off with mango ice cream. Aldi was an attentive waiter and offered good advice. Only critique was they seemed to push drinks (tho gently). Spice isn’t cheap but it’s an attractive restaurant with wonderful Indian food and a diverse crowd of mainly locals including Indian families and couples. 
I often eat a Phall in the UK, which is hotter than a vindaloo, and in most countries a vindaloo is not as hot as a vindaloo in the UK. So I was extremely glad when I requested a more spicy vindaloo and the waiter went out of his way to arrange it to be spicy along with requesting an off menu keema naan bread. The curry was excellent and this is the first time I had tried Indian in New York, and it will not be the last. I have found an excellent “local” now! I recommend the place as it had supreme service. The cost is more than I would pay in Australia or the UK, but was reasonable for a NY restaurant.
Booked this restaurant as it was local and had fantastic reviews on trip advisor. We attended and it was extremely busy with people waiting for tables who hadn’t booked milling round by the door and bar area. This made it seem slightly chaotic but we were shown to our table quickly. The only issue it was right by the door which kept getting opened and being left open despite our complaint as it was -9 outside. Slightly off putting that when eating you are being glared at by other diners waiting to be seated. It might be advisable to put up a curtain / partition wall as those tables are very close to the door. We ordered typical Indian starters which were delicious paneer and spinach tempura they left high hopes for the main. I ordered chicken tikka masala an Indian staple and my husband lamb rogan josh with a pilau rice and naan to share. I was really disappointed the tikka masala tasted very strongly of what I can only describe as a beef stock pot quite salty and didn’t seem at all authentic as a massive fan of Indian food I was disappointed. The chicken was very dry and hard like it had been cooked gone cold then thrown back in the sauce I barely touched it and wasn’t asked why. My husband has better success with his lamb rogan josh but he only ate half. The naan was lovely but the pilau rice had whole vegetables and tasted very wet like it hadn’t been drained as opposed to dry and fluffy as you would expect. The price was reasonable and service was ok besides the seating location. Pretty disappointed with the mains and would have been better ordering a selection of starters. They did bring some complimentary ice cream at the end for our negative experience with the door being open and feeling very cold which was a nice touch. For the reviews I read I was disappointed overall especially with the mains. 
I don’t normally do reviews but Spice Symphony deserves special mention. The service was superb. Aldi was our waiter and he was attentive, friendly, and accommodated my kid’s request for butter chicken even though it wasn’t on the menu. He was the best! We also ordered lamb, salmon, a spicy shrimp salad, and peshwari naan. The food was excellent!! We have eaten at many Indian restaurants in the US and in London and this is up there with the best of them. The price was also quite reasonable, not cheap but also not over priced. I would highly recommend this place to anyone, locals and tourists alike!
Really neat place with great food and drinks. Happy to say we were probably the only tourist there at that time, lots of locals. I say that because I often find it to be a good/great sign.
Located on 50th st near Lexington Avenue this is worth a visit. Pleasant quiet place. Informed attentive waitstaff the menu has the usual variety of choices seen in NY Indian restaurants, but the menu has section devoted to “Indian Chinese “ items many of which are unique here. The dishes taste distinctly different from each other; most of what we had was very tasty. Unlike many Manhattan places, you get rice with your meal. Of note, they have 1947 brand Indian beer, which is brewed in Pennsylvania from a formula devised by local Indian expatriates. In addition to tasting good, it does not bloat you as most beers do and is a great accompaniment to the foodTry it!!
The atmosphere in the restaurant is wonderful. The food is very high quality, everything was fresh and tasty. The staff was excellent, our waiter Nisar gave an excellent recommendations. We really enjoyed the squash soup, the rice with the vegetables which were very special and of course the great tikka masala. Highly recommend ! an  ! excellent Indian restaurant in New York City
Do yourself a favor and visit this lovely restaurant. I have been there few times and i m still not over it. The service is unmatched. The staff truly cares about your experience. The food is absolutely amazing – everything we ate tasted really amazing and fresh. The food makes you feel like home.. I would like to come back here again and again.Absolutely the best meal we had in a while . Highly recommend
What a wonderful experience. Nisar was our server and is the GM of the restaurant and he was very helpful in advice on the menu. Started with a Roselo cocktail that was delicious. Next, from the starter menu I had the Paneer Chili Dry appetizer paired with the Kachumber Salad. These both complimented one another perfectly and could be a meal in itself. Excellent!Next I had the Chili Chicken(Dry per recommendation) entree along with the Salt and Pepper Prawns (I know - more food than I could eat, but I wanted several tastes). This was accompanied by the Garlic Naan which was heavenly. I liked both dishes and would order them again, but since I was looking for spice, the Chili Chicken was my favorite. Each was spiced well and had the right amount of fresh spices and vegetables to round out a great meal. Wanted to go with rice pudding for dessert - but had already over eaten and will save it for next time.
Nisar was amazing and really made our dinner a wonderful experience. From service to food to ambience, we were so happy with Spice Symphony. We ordered the paneer chilli, the kofta, tadka dal and the fresh lime soda. The food was tasty, well cooked and freshly made. Will come again !
This restaurant is fantastic. Excellent service, shout out to James, outstanding meals that were freshly prepared and to specification (our daughter has a severe treenut allergy), and the vast selection of enteees are exactly what you are looking for when dining. we will definitely return.
On our recent visit to NYC, we found Spice Symphony so outstanding that we ate there twice, dinner and lunch. The food was fresh and the flavors came through brilliantly. Special credit goes to Nisar, the Maitre D who makes sure that everyone is happy. 
We’ve been going to Spice Symphony on 51st Street (almost every weekend) since restaurants started opening up in NYC again. They have a great outdoor seating area, with large tables spaced far apart, umbrellas, greenery, always given hand sanitizer, and all staff are wearing masks. We are usually always greeted and served by Nisar. He is very attentive (and always makes sure we have cold ice water) and checks in to make sure our food is up to par. We are creatures of habit, so usually always get the same order. The chana masala and chicken tikka masala are on point! I always ask for extra mint sauce to spice it up even more. The garlic naan is absolutely delicious and I highly recommend it! Our food always comes out hot and fresh from the oven and plentiful. We always have delicious leftovers to take home. I would highly recommend coming here for great Indian food and a great outdoor atmosphere!
Our first dinner at Spice Symphony was outstanding. It was a warm summer night and we reserved a table in their lovely outdoor space at the curb, socially distanced. It was very comfortable, like a cozy pavilion. We've eaten at some of the finest Indian restaurants in Manhattan, and were not sure what to expect at this small midtown spot. The food at Spice Symphony was right up there with the best. We started with an appetizer: small, spicy quinoa patties with a bright green chutney. They were not on the menu but our server, Nisar, brought them with out cocktails. We also shared samosas, nan bread, vegetable biryani, and lamb seekh kabab, with a chilled bottle of wine. All the food was delicious with fresh, distinct flavors and just the right amount of spice and heat. Nisar explained some of the menu items and provided great service that was leisurely and relaxed. All in all, a delightful evening, and we will definitely be back.
Nisar and the staff treated us like family. This was our first visit and we had a great experience. The Tandori chicken was phenomenal and so were the Tandori lamb chops. The curried vegetables were fantastic and the garlic naan was so fresh and flavorful, and it doesn’t end there the cocktails and desserts are a must if you come here. We had the rose ice cream and the saffron donuts they were Scrumptious! We can’t say enough about the service we received at this restaurant... we will come back to this restaurant when we’re in New York again. You definitely won’t be disappointed with this gem!
My wife and I had the sweet corn soup with chicken, the cheese balls with a cream sauce, the shrimp with coconut sauce and the garlic naan. Everything was delicious and freshly made. For desert we had the rice pudding with cardamom. This is Indian cooking at a high level and we will gladly return to try their Indian Chinese dishes.
After reading all the great reviews, how can we turn away so we decided to come in and visit. We were pleasantly surprised! The service was just great. Everyone was so warm and welcoming which made even greater recommendations! The food here is just amazing. We will definitely be coming back! One of our new favorite spot in the area! Everything is so unbelievably amazing. The food we had was so very tasty.
Indo Chinese food was as authentic as it can get. Soup was good. Drinks were unique. Overall great experience.
Wonderful staff and excellent food!! If you are looking for authentic Indian food, this is the place for it. Worth the visit for sure! Kumar is an excellent host!
My family hosted a party at Spice Symphony.The entire experience was in the superlative.The staff led by Mr Prem were outstanding and the quality of food and service exemplary.Thank you Spice Symphony for making it a memorable evening.
We arrived last night and the restaurant is adjacent to the hotel, so we enjoyed a cheeky beer at the bar as it was late and we weren’t hungry. Today we returned for dinner! We hadn’t booked a table however Nisar managed to find us a space. The food was quite incredible! The staff are so very polite. We highly highly recommend.
Whenever I travel to NYC, I eat at Spice symphony as it has the best Indo-Chinese food like vegetable fried rice, vegetable Manchurian, and paneer chili. Plus, the staff, especially Nissar, was very understanding and welcoming.
Great-good atmosphere, great food, brilliant service. Chicken Tikka Masala superb, as was Lamb Biryani.
Wow we are so glad we went here for my Wife`s 50th Birthday meal, from the excellent welcome into the restaurant from the owner , the staff waiting on and the chefs preparing superb food the experience we had was top notch
What a wonderful experience. Nisar was our server and is the GM of the restaurant and he was very helpful in advice on the menu. Started with a Roselo cocktail that was delicious. Next, from the starter menu I had the Paneer Chili Dry appetizer paired with the Kachumber Salad. These both complimented one another perfectly and could be a meal in itself. Excellent!Next I had the Chili Chicken(Dry per recommendation) entree along with the Salt and Pepper Prawns (I know - more food than I could eat, but I wanted several tastes). This was accompanied by the Garlic Naan which was heavenly. I liked both dishes and would order them again, but since I was looking for spice, the Chili Chicken was my favorite. Each was spiced well and had the right amount of fresh spices and vegetables to round out a great meal. Wanted to go with rice pudding for dessert - but had already over eaten and will save it for next time.
Awesome time .excellent food . Tasted the best Hakka in a long time. Excellent staff. Nisar shodu, Manager was very pleasant bday so was his staff
We had an INCREDIBLE meal. The service is amazing. The food is phenomenal. Can not recommend this place more! Our waiter (Nisar) was so attentive and made our experience even better!!!!
The atmosphere in the restaurant is wonderful. The food is very high quality, everything was fresh and tasty. The staff was excellent, our waiter Nisar gave an excellent recommendations. We really enjoyed the squash soup, the rice with the vegetables which were very special and of course the great tikka masala. Highly recommend ! an  ! excellent Indian restaurant in New York City
We had dinner here on 17th August 2018 on the occasion of my 50th birthday. We returned on August 21, 2022 for another family dinner. Always excellent cuisine, impeccable service, a high quality restaurant in NYC
Great food - Nisan served us and did a great job with a fun sense of humor. In town for Us open and enjoyed our meal- stop in for some good food and a nice experience
The food was soooo delicious and the service was fabulous. To top off our experience the manager gave us dessert on the house which was sinfully delicious
It is easy to see why Spice Symphony is so highly rated (top ten restaurants in NYC at the time of me writing this review). The food is top notch and service next to none. Having visted with my family we each ordered 5 different mains - Lamb Rogan Josh, Chicken Korma, Chicken Avocado Kebab, Chana Masala and Shrimp Madras - (which the kitchen so kindly made up for me as its not on the menu, chef if you are reading this.. add it to your menu its one of the best i have had). On a whole everyone enjoyed their meals. Our waiter Nisar was fantastic! Super friendly and attentive, checking up on us to ensure we always had a drink on the table and to ensure all our meals were okay. If i am back in NY anytime soon I will make sure to visit again and will be recommending to all my friends!
We visited Spice Symphony and the Indian food we had was amazing. The whole place was a buzz , great atmosphere and the service was awesome, big thank you to our waiter Aldi , he really made us feel welcomed . This is a must place to go.. 
I am an Indian settled in UK and was visiting NY for family holiday. I am vegetarian, wife non vegetarian and kids have varying choices. The whole family fell in love with its food and we landed up going there 5 times while on a weeks holiday and which speaks itself about the food, ambience and service - all of which are great. I cannot remember each and everybody’s name (one name I can remember is Nisar) but they were all simply fabulous. 
Chose Spice Symphony based on reviews and were not disappointed. The food was navigable, delicious and included both healthy and traditional options. Even our waitstaff noticed the intent of our choices. Try the whole wheat naan, for example. And the tandoori shrimp was wonderful. 
The food was OK, the cost was high, but the whole visit was spoiled by the waiter. He was rude, repeatedly, and for no reason as far as I could see except for the fact that I wanted to order what I wanted, rather than the "chef's special" which he was pushing repeatedly & often.I cannot reiterate strongly enough, avoid this restaurant. Nobody needs to be made to feel bad when they are spending $60 a head.
We went to this restaurant as it had really good reviews. Dont get me wrong the food was lovely but the service was awful! Our waiter basically took the mickey out of us as soon as we got there and i got the feeling we just were not their type of people! It was insulting and i felt ashamed and degraded by the whole experience. I would NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to eat in a nice restaurant
Brought my visiting parents here for dinner after a long day touring the city. I booked this place after reading amazing reviews, so I was expecting good service. My expectations were blown away! Our waiter was Aldi, and he was perfect; he was so helpful, attentive, and accommodating. He even gave us an extra samosa because there were four of us at the table (the appetizer usually comes with three), which I thought was a very nice touch. Every dish we ordered was great- at our table we had the samosas, Murgh-e-Kalmi (whole Cornish hen), garlic naan, Avocado Chicken Kebab, Lamb Vindaloo, and Palak Paneer. The meats were tender and spice was perfect. For dessert we shared the gulab jamun. Soo good. The prices were extremely reasonable as well, and we left stuffed.The ambience was great as well- casual, light music playing in the background, and even though the place was full, we had no trouble hearing each other talking. Lighting was nice- nothing worse than horrible lighting to ruin an experience! Overall, my parents couldn't stop raving about the service and food- I'm glad I chose this place to help make their short trip to nyc a sweet one! We will be back!
We were looking for a place that would be interesting and tasty for us and also would work for our 8 year old grand-daughter for our first night in NYC. Spice Symphony was just the right place. The staff was very friendly and good about recommending dishes that would not be too spicy for a child but still be enjoyable for adults. We had chicken lettuce wraps for a starter, followed by chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and garlic naan. We loved it all. It was plenty of food, reasonably priced, and our waiter could not have been nicer. The whole experience was a perfect start for our visit. 
We love our Indian curries! We were in NY looking for a good family meal and came across Spice Symphony - and what a great find. Not only is the selection of food, and flavourful use of spices, a reason for dining here, but the staff are amazing, attentive - but not overly so, making the whole experience superb! If you are in Midtown looking for some great Indian food, make sure S.S. is the place you visit.
In town for work, and found his little gem was next to our hotel. Didn't have reservations, bit only waited about 10 minutes for a table. The whole staff was overwhelmingly accommodating, especially Vijay, our waiter. We started with an order of samosas, that were cooked to perfection and delicious. Wet moved on to entrées of aloo gobi ? (Spiced cauliflower with potato), paneer in Korma sauce, stir fried chili vegetable, and of course, chicken tikka masala, along with rice and garlic naan. Everything was perfectly spiced and served hot.  We ended our meal with some hot tea and coffee, some trip ounce pudding and donught balls in syrup. We ate so much that we could hardly move! With this kind of food and service, we while be back everyone we are in town!
The food was great, the service exceptional and the ambience, perfect. There were many people in for a meal at the same time but even still, Aldi made sure the service we received was top notch. The whole family had a very memorable experience.
This restaurant lives up to all of the great reviews that it gets! This was one of the best dining experiences that I have had in a while. Not only was the food delicious, but the service was excellent. The restaurant was very clean with great decor. My family made a reservation for 6:45, and we walked out of the door at 8:00 (this included getting an appetizer, entrees, and desert) which is quite fast for such a nice restaurant. Food was brought out promptly and with high quality. We ordered samosas, lamb biryani, chicken tika masala, palak paneer, and a coconut caramel custard for desert. These dishes fed 3 people comfortably. Plus the whole meal was reasonably priced!There were lots of small details that made our dining experience much better. For example, when we were sharing our food family style, our waiter would come by and move dishes around, so that it was easier to serve. Waiters would also refill waters very promptly which other restaurants do not. Lastly, as we were walking out, the man who looked like the manager asked us how we liked our meal. These are just some small differences between good restaurants and excellent ones.I would recommend this restaurant to everyone. You don’t have to wear super fancy attire — a little less than business casual would be perfect. By 7:30 on a Tuesday, the restaurant was almost full, so I would recommend making a reservation through open table. This restaurant was definitely a fantastic choice for dinner!
The food was excellent here and the waiter was great at helping us choose items we’d never had before. He basically chose our whole meal in the end including the wine and everything was superb. Would definitely return. 
Really good food! And a great experiencce. We did not have reservations and the place is really small but we got slots at the small bar and decided to eat there. The bartender (Prem) was a pure joy! Our server (Dev) was also great and full of info. These folks are very passonate about their food.
Just back from dinner here with my wife. Despite the cramped dining room, the experience was too notch. Service was 5 star and the food was out of this world. I travel to India quite often for business and have eaten in some of the best restaurants there. This is at least equal or better. Perhaps it's the indo-chinese, but the flavors were wonderful and balanced perfectly. We started w the Gobi Manchurian and chicken lollypops. Both pop with flavor and texture. We also had the Palik Paneer, chicken Tika masala and roti. Can't wait to return. Yum!
Loved this restaurant last year while in NYC and was not disappointed this year! I can’t get enough of the Madras curried vegetables. I should just order 2 servings from the beginning and ask for a take out container, as I treasure it for breakfast the next morning. That’s how good it is! Order the Raita too for a nice balance to the curry. Don’t miss the Naan bread selection. I get the garlic, but my husband tried the Peshawari with dried fruits and almonds and it was amazing, well balanced and not sweet. The shrimp Piri Piri was a perfect starter. I’m already looking forward to my next trips dinner here! 😋 Thank you Vijay for great service! 
This is going to be a short review:The Indian food was delicious. The staff was very friendly and helpfull.The toilet was clean.The price/quality was well-balanced.Go there.
Well 4+ stars really. First night in New York City and staying across the street in the excellent Kimberly. Indian restaurants can be mixed quality but this was excellent. Flavours well balanced and provided range for a family of 4 with different tastes. Nice balance of spices and not too overpowering. I would recommend the tandoori shrimps. Amit was a very attentive waiter and included a complimentary taster starter and desert. The home made mango ice cream was delicious. 
Attentive service, reasonable prices, and food that is on point. My wife and I tried Spice Symphony on 50th St on our recent trip to NY to see a show. The staff was friendly, and the toughest part was narrowing down what to order. The chicken wing lollipops were a lice start to the meal. The chef provided a complimentary vegetable dumpling - and I wished I could fill a suitcase of them to take home. My wife and I each had tandoori bbq dishes along with the garlic naan. All really well balanced spices. If I lived here, I think this would quickly become comfort food.
Having travelled to India more than 50 times, and eaten Indian food around the world, this is as good as it gets. The delicate blend of spices were balanced in both the entrees we had. The service was very attentive , relaxed and efficient.
A fantastic find close to Times Square! We were so pleased with the incredible food and the phenomenal service (shout-out to Nisar!) Every single item was well thought out and balanced in terms of flavor, spice and presentation. The staff was super friendly and well informed about the menu. Nisar, our host, made great recommendations of Gobi Manchurian and Chicken Lollipops - being from Delhi originally, it took me back home :) thank you Spice Symphony for that. We were visiting from Texas but cannot wait till we come back. Order anything - you will not be disappointed! Bravo to the owners, management, staff and above all the fantastic food!
On E50th opposite the Kimberley Hotel this restaurant looks unassuming from the outside. Inside however, it’s smart and professional with plenty of space and a nice ambience. The food was very good - well spiced, good quality and well balanced flavours. The service was ok but too obtrusive for my taste. There were lots of waiting staff just hanging around which was off putting. 
We were looking for something different for dinner and decided to go Indian. The restaurant itself is unpretentious and small from the outside. Once inside, the ambience was warm and staff were welcoming. The maitre d' was most attentive and clearly took pride in the food. Our mains consisted of Goan fish curry and the lamb dhaniwal korma - both exquisite in taste with finely balanced spices. For sides, we had the mixed vegetable korma and dal made from kidney beans and lentils. It is unusual to walk into a restaurant on speck and sample what can only be described as a 5-star meal.
I went here on the recommendation of my husband, who had dinner here a month ago with a friend. I was only able to come for lunch, although I want to return for dinner! The restaurant is notable for having a peaceful, calm ambience. It's not fancy, but it's very pleasant, and stands out compared to other midtown eateries in being quiet and spacious. I was served quickly, but was encouraged to take all the time I needed. I ordered the lunch special shrimp curry thalli on the recommendation of my waiter. It was really delicious, with well-balanced spices. For a quick meal for one person, it was a great way to have many complementary dishes together. The dish included the curry, a cauliflower side dish, lentils, rice, raita, pickle, and naan. There was a lovely small dessert to follow. My husband tells me the lamb vindaloo was spicy hot and delicious. I can't wait to return!
Some of the best Indian food I’ve had. The seasoning of the food is well balanced. Really enjoyed it
My wife and I had an amazing meal here last night. We chose the shrimp and chicken starters which were delicious. The shrimp was spicy but well balanced. We chose the Lamb Rogan josh and chicken tikka masala for the main served with naan freshly baked on the premises. The best part about the curry was the complex blend of spices and the fact that the paste was a perfect consistency with no grease at all....We eat Indian style food in England all the time and thought that this meal was exceptional. “The best we have ever had”.....Service was really good to with lots of contact throughout the meal... Rakesh was particularly good and made us feel welcome. We recommend that you check this place out !
Our flight into New York City was delayed a couple of hours and we arrived late, tired, and hungry. After checking into our hotel, 50 NYC, we walked across the street to Spice Symphony for dinner. We were pleasantly surprise by an inviting environment, wonderful wait staff, and an amazing menu. Our waiter, Aldi, answered all our questions about the menu and made suggestions based upon our preferences. The dishes were perfectly prepared with a variety of well balanced spices and beautifully presented. They also have a full bar and great wine list. If you like Indian food, you can’t go wrong! 
My son says this is the best pizza in the world! And we love it too. The thin tasty crust, the fresh sauce, cheese and veggies make it unique in nyc. 
This place was not on any of our "New York Best" lists but when we found one of the listed pizzerias disappointing (no seating) we walked down the street and discovered this place.The staff was Italian and so were many of the customers. The pizza was the best we've had. Many choices...veggies...meats...cheeses. Service impeccable. Excellent choice and price range of wines, including fine chianti. Glad we found it!
We were five, and chose to sit outside at this basic pizza restaurant. We were served by a lovely young waitress, who was very pleasant and friendly. Pizza is what they are most known for, so pizza is what we ordered. Available in small, medium or large, we ordered a large as an appetizer for the table. For the entrees, some ordered pasta, one ordered meatballs and pasta, and I ordered a Capricciosa pizza (artichoke and a couple of other veggies w/ cheese). I asked the waitress if I could substitute olives for the artichokes, and she said, "Of course!" My pizza entree arrived at the same time as the appetizer pizza, and, it came WITH the artichokes. Soon after, one of the pasta entrees showed up! We tried to straighten it out, but seemed to confuse the nice young woman, so we let it go. Eventually, two more entrees arrived (the earlier pizzas and pastas were already consumed), but no meatballs! Just when we were all finished, the meatballs showed up! The waitress was as clueless as ever. Her remark was, "That's how they gave it to me." What can I say? If you decide to eat here, I would keep it VERY simple. Just order one entree, with no substitutes, and maybe you'll get it in good time. The pizza is very, very good, (fabulous crusts, fresh ingredients) so I will show up here again. I'll just take my own advice and keep it simple. .
We are visiting from Florida on family business. Although we are not on NUC often, this place is always a must-go. I can honestly say that I enjoyed the BEST vegan pizza ever here. The ambiance and service are diners. Diego was a delight. He is professional and personable. We will definitely be back💯
I am addicted to pizza, but I love the authentic Italian one. I chose the vegan pizza which was simply and tasty. I like the atmosphere and the background music. Thank you Nicola! I'll be back for sure!
My boyfriend and i asked the Holy Spirit to guide us in finding a place to eat and we were led to here! And WOW! I couldn’t imagine a better choice. From the people, the service, the atmosphere, and holy delicious pizza!! We felt like we were in heaven. So highly recommend. Love!!!! Also- I am vegan and they even had a pizza that didn’t have cheese!! That is a miracle in itself for me ! 
As a European used to having amazing pizza from Italy, it is hard to find such a meal to my taste in the United States, their pizza being much thicker, fatter and so on.We found Numero 28 just walking by our neighborhood and it quickly became our go to pizza place.With authentic (enough) Napoli pies, they offer a variety of toppings, gluten free and vegan options and offer 3 sizes. Their delivery is also on point and never disappointed.Easily the best pizza I have tasted in New York yet.
Great pizza, including lots of vegetarian options. I have tried a few different pies, most recently the vegetariana. While I got the regular dough, my friend got the gluten free and loved it, one of his favorite gluten free pizzas in the city.
Good! We had the truffle pizza, vegetarian arancini and margherita + olives, and it was all great! We liked the white sangria, we liked the vegetarian arancini, the truffle pizza and we got a margherita pizza — the sangria is good but it’s maybe not as dry as you want if you’re strictly a dry wine type of person it’s like a little sweet, but not terrible. I am very critical of sweet wine and this was decent!
Great pizza, very good gluten free options for the pizza and good vegetarian options as well, great service. 
We ate here with high hopes from ratings we had seen and were severely disappointed. As we entered - it was around 5pm and the waiter was cleaning tables and it took him at least 5 minutes to acknowledge us and begrudgingly give us a table. It wasn't a great first impression. We ordered and the waiter threw down the menus on the table and when the drinks arrived he just opened our cans and didn't give us a glass / ice until asked. He was also aggrieved we asked to swap a meat topping for a vegetable (clearly cheaper for them) as we were vegetarians. The pizza arrived quickly but was burnt around the edges - it was still reasonably okay to eat but our parmigiana arrived 15 minutes after the main pretty much like warm which was disappointing for an appetiser. The last insult to injury is that it was cash only and we were not told this when going in or did not notice - we were told there was an ATM in the toilets but left us feeling very disgruntled with the experience so we paid cash and left no tip as it just wasn't deserved. Be careful what you read with their reviews as they give free wine for good reviews which may explain why they have so many - there are plenty of better and friendlier places in the city, we won't be returning again. 
Adorable little gem! The food was delicious and the gluten free pizza is amazing! Our server was friendly and helpful! The sauce for the meatballs is amazing!
This restaurant has the best gf pizza! It’s a go-to in the city. I love the ambiance and the staff is amazing!
Very friendly & welcoming staff. Booked after reading previous reviews. Lovely setting & very homely atmosphere. Extensive menu & very flexible for my wife who has a gluten intolerance. Highly recommend!!!
We LOVE Numero 28!!! The best wood-fired pizza., ped Al size and I. Giant rectangles to share. AND they serve an incredible GLUTEN FREE pizza too that’s so good you would not know it isn’t regular pizza. Plus they are so nice and friendly. Our family has been going here for years. So good don’t ever change!
Great food and service! The pizza is always so good here and they have gluten free crust. We got the burrata too.
I went to Numero28 on Carmine Street with my partner and a friend for a birthday gathering last week. My partner was intrigued when a friend mentioned the place and also chose it because it has (good!) gluten-free pizza for me. The restaurant is small and cozy, a cute little Greenwich Village outpost of the chain. The service was excellent and friendly, but no overly so. We started with the Classic Caesar and Carciofi salads to share, and each ordered an individual pizza. The pizza (gluten free and not) was delicious and also filling. I want to let gluten-free folks know there is a separate brick oven exclusively for the gluten-free pizza although the kitchen is not gluten-free. My partner had a beer and our friend, a glass of wine. They both said their drinks were good. For dessert, we shared a lemon custard cake with pine nuts and tiramisu. The restaurant comped the dessert for my partner's birthday, which was nice! Caution that the restaurant accepts cash-only and has an ATM is the restroom area for those unaware.
Very tasty gluten free pizza.yes, wonderful Sammy was the greatest waiter we’ve ever had and for sure we going to come back again because the pizza is the best. OK
Best and crunchiest Neapolitan pizza with authentic flavors! Our friend had a gluten free pizza and she said it was the best she ever had. Special thanks to our server, Sami, who was very sweet, knowledgeable, and patient. Highly recommend this great pizzeria in the heart of the real Little Italy. 
Loved our visit. We ordered pizza for dinner. It was amazing. I am gluten free and they honestly have the BEST gluten free pizza I have had in a very long time!! The service was also amazing! BIG shout out to Sammy!! Amazing!! 
Fantastic pizza - the best outside of Italy. Their gluten free pizza’s are also amazing! We have visiting many times and always enjoy our experience.
Best (gluten-free) pizza and wine in NY! Very friendly and service minded people. We had the feeling we were in Italy :-)
Excellent luncheon meal! I had gluten free pizza, best I've had. Husband had excellent pasta and salad. Wine was perfect too, as was the service. Grazie!
Amazing service from Sammy, such an attentive server. I love this place. I will always order the Numero 28/Romero!
This has been a family favorite for years! We celebrate all our birthdays here and we feel part of the family. Highly recommend the Romeo! If I could marry a pizza it would this one. Also, thank you Samuel for great service always! 
Such a great place. Even better service. 10/10. The food is impeccable. The Romero pizza. Wow! Will be back! 
Un restaurante auténtico y familiar con un trato excepcional... muy recomendable... Diego de diez.... un abrazo.... cordiales saludos desde West village!
Paseabamosy vimos el restaurante por causalidad. Nos ha gustado mucho la comida, sobretodo las pizzas. Muy buen trato del personal
Un sitio agradable y buen trato. Horno de leña con pizza de pasta fina. Barrio GreenVillage. Una ciudad para volver!
Muy buen servicio, personal muy amable. Buena comida. Sitio tranquilo, confortable.Local muy recomendable...
Very friendly & welcoming staff. Booked after reading previous reviews. Lovely setting & very homely atmosphere. Extensive menu & very flexible for my wife who has a gluten intolerance. Highly recommend!!!
Place has very good decor and the service is decent. The portions are also decent and really good. Highly recommend.
What a brilliant Italian restaurant. Located in New York SoHo this restaurant offers amazing yummy food for amazing prices. They offer such a wide range of foods and we were welcomed with great hospitality. The portions sizes are very sufficient and we really enjoyed our meal.
We checked the place on TripAdvisor as the one we wanted to go downtown is closed on Mondays. I must say the place is good, Italian atmosphere since the first moment with all those pictures and decoration. Food is great, we ordered shrimps in tempura, pasta and a pizza. All is as good as in Italy. The waiter Diego was fantastic with us. Not sure if this is the best pizza in town but sure worth a try
Amazing pizza and overall place! We went there with a bunch of friends and everyone had an amazing time! The pizza is delicious.
I was here 4 years ago, and returned during a special birthday trip to NYC. It was as good as I remembered. The calamari was fried to perfection, really above expectations. Overall the decor, food and service are excellent. Highly recommend the special Numero 28 pizza, the potato pizza and five cheese pizza (add speck, you won’t regret it).
Excellent food, excellent experience, highly recommend. The food was so delicious we ordered a pizza, eggplant and pastas. Definitely stop here on your trip to NYC
Fantastic Service! Excellent food. I couldn’t have asked for a better night with friends and family to enjoy dinner.
Great place for couples and families. Warm and charming environment. Very friendly staff. Many meals options for adults and kids. My son is dairy allergic and they were very carefull and took all precautions to make sure everything was right. I couldn't give another rate than 5 stars!
Super friendly staff served us a great fresh clean salad and a couples pizza that is half mushroom w truffle and sausage w peppers, also amazing. Thin crust. Perfect amount of sauce. Tasty toppings. Thank you!
Staff was very friendly and seated us right away. Menu had good selection. Kids loved the meatballs. Clean and fast service.
The food was really good. It came out hot and fresh and the staff was really friendly. They provided excellent service. The place is clean and well kept.
They are so kind and servicing. The place is clean and organize. And the food is very good. The services was fast. 
Excellent service and food. Some of the best pizza I’ve ever had! Add in clean bathrooms, chill ambiance, and loved ones, and sprinkle in some Italian being spoken here and there—that was our wonderful experience! Thank you!!
So we were going for a walk next to our hotel (Yotel) and stumbled upon this little restaurant. Priced were fair and it was very clean. Let's try it!Wow! the pizza was absolutely fantastic!The service was on point.Best part of it is, we had a nice walk afterwards to digest all this yummy food.
The location is small but quaint. Part of the charm. Noise level can get high. The reception was very professional with a personal touch. The menu is exciting. Typical but not. Point is you can enjoy trying. The property is clean. It is tight but cozy. The service was very good. The food was fresh and flavorful.The presentation of the dishes are near picturesque. Now the flavors are different from what most expect. Very good blend of spices on all we ordered, with exception to Lentil Soup. It was fresh just not bursting with flavor like the other dishes.The pizza was done in their style. Good blend of ingredients and served hot. Pricing is fair. Well worth the visit. If there were fractions in this rating system it would get 4.75. Go enjoy and have fun with the full experience.
On our last night in NYC, we decided we wanted pizza. This place was the top ranking pizza place in NYC so we decided to give it a try. It's a small diner in the Washington Square area. Restaurant was clean, staff friendly. We got the medium size pizza that comes in a rectangle. Pizza looked delicious but I've seriously had much better pizza in NYC and where I live in KC. This pizza is kind of a thin crust and most of it was soggy on the bottom and had way too much sauce. The pepperoni is also spicy. I thought the pepperoni was great but one of girls I was with didn't like it all. We had a great time that night but I doubt I'll be back. They also only accept cash so come prepared. They do have an ATM there so that's helpful also. 
Stumbled across this unassuming little restaurant with a big Italian heart! Whilst out exploring this great city! From the off we were transported to the old country, the staff were very attentive and were willing to accommodate our every need! The food was absolutely magic from the starter through to desert! The menu is simple, less is more. The food is fresh, clean and needs to be sampled! Well done guys keep up the good work! 
What a magical find!!! I travelled to NYC with family and friends in July. One of our grouped raved about Joe's pizza which is located a short distance up the road however when we got there it didn't quite live up to its reputation dude to this we decided to find an alternative restaurant to eat at, this is when we found Número 28. We were welcomed inside by a very friendly young 'authentic' Italian female who showed us to a table. Service was good we were served drinks within a reasonable time and food orders were taken with the waitress more than happy to explain the various dishes. The restaurant was clean and tidy and although the toilets were bijou they were sufficient for what you need. The food was something else, I had garlic mushrooms on bread followed by bolognaise and pasta, portions were huge and although sufficiently full decided I had to try the recommended 'Grandma's cake', what can I say I was blown away moist, suttle and soooooo tasty all handmade in house. All in all a magical find I could not fault the rustic style restaurant, amazing food or service. If I return to NYC this will definitely deserve a second visit. 
We had two different pizzas along with lasagna.....What more could a person ask for. The place was super cute & clean. 
Super cute and cozy with amazing pizza. Service impeccable that made us feel welcome. Love the mis-matched wooden tables and rustic Italian interior. 
The pasta and pizzas were delicious! Kid-friendly, as well. Cash only though. Has outdoor seating with doors open for indoors, so didn’t feel stuffy.
My family and I had a wonderful lunch experience at Numero 28. The food was amazing! It is now my favorite NY pizza place and that’s saying a lot because we have tried a lot of pizza places! Our waitress, Donatella was both attentive and kind. She answered all of our questions about the menu and had wonderful recommendations, as well. A must try for anyone in NYC, tourists and locals alike!
Visited last night the West Village branch. . Did not book. We’re lucky to get a table as it was very busy so would recommend booking. Pizzas were great. Carbonara was undercooked and salty. Good vibe. Had ice cream from local shop afterwards and sat in the park to eat. Would recommend fir an evening out with family . 
this is my neighborhood spot for Naples style pizza and its the real deal here in NYC! incredible quality of ingredients and the absolute best part is the atmosphere! Donatella is amazing and makes you feel right at home. just brought my two friends from Beirut / Madrid here last night, everyone always loves it! highly recommended by a New Yorker of Italian descent who's spent time in Napoli.
Local friend brought me here while I was in town for World Pride. Wide choice of pizzas in different sizes.We ordered the 5 cheese with speck and the potato pizza without sauce. Both were superb! Had a beer that the waiter recommended that was great. Prices were reasonable. Service was great, and the outside seating was festive and added to the experience of being in the Village.The only downside is that this is a cash-only establishment- they have an ATM on site though.Definitely would return!
I usually eat out in Manhattan a few times a month - but never pizza.We have a good local place, closer to home, thats usually good - when they make it the way I request & I always request thin crust.And lets face it, when you've eaten pizza all over Italy there is never a comparison to be had.Might I also add that, I LOVE PIZZA!And the pizza here was amazing - so good in fact in a blindfold test I would be certain I was eating pizza in Italy.Service was wonderful & they only accept cash.Go!
We flew in from the UK on the Friday at noon. After a walk round we had a reservation here at 8pm.We were shattered and after a few bars in the area turned up around 7pm. They understood fully and got us seated straight away. The meatballs? Oh my!! They were incredible, really tasty, the sauce was just as good, perfect. Me and my partner shared a pizza with sausage and a variety of other stuff, was excellent!Everyone else in the place were local, you could tell they come here with their family all the time.The staff were superb, catered for us with no issue. Will be going back for sure, maybe even again on this trip. Just note that it's cash only. 
Myself and my brother read the reviews on trip advisor and decided it was worth a try on our first evening in NYC.We had stuffed foccacia to start, followed by an 18 inch Romeo (prosciutto and artichoke) pizza. Both were extremely tasty. We were very full afterwards!The restaurant itself is a family friendly place that is cosy, warm and inviting. There appeared to be locals there which is always a good sign. The staff were friendly. That said, we were waiting over 20 minutes after we were finished our main course before anyone asked if we were ok or wanted anything else. In that time we went from thinking about dessert to just getting the bill.
Felt like a stop in Italy with the chatter of Italian all around us and the authentic food that was ample and delicious. Cozy restaurant that patrons packed into because the offerings are tasty. Our waitress was helpful in her suggestions. Clearly a draw for the locals and well worth finding for a tourist.
Gnocchi and lasagne with red wine. Beautiful. Simply beautiful and good value for money. I'd recommend reservations as it's busy especially with the local new yorkers. Staff are great and well worth the money. 
Very happy we decided to try this small Italian eatery in the west village area.Everything was deliciously prepared in a comfortable family friendly environment.While the tables were close together the noise level was nice to carry on a pleasant conversation.We shared family style so we could sample many dishes. The calamari and meatballs for appetizers was a perfect start. The kale salad and the pear salad provided a nice light course before sharing two small pizzas. I will say the numero 28 pizza was definitely worth ordering.The prices were very fair for the amount of food we received. We shared a bottle of wine which was also priced fairly.One mention is that they only accept cash. While an ATM is available on the premises just be prepared. Needing cash is certainly no reason to pass this little local establishment by.Will stop in again on a future visit.
On my recent trip back to NYC, I spent majority of my time in my old neighborhood of Greenwich Village. I was so happy to see Numero 28 is still in the hood. They have a warm, inviting atmosphere and delicious pizza. It's the perfect place for some fresh ingredients, and hand crafted brick oven pizza. I love the thin crust! 
A top finalist for favorite mis-shaped thin crest pizza pie in NYC. A nice local Soho pizza joint, authentic and well intentioned owners.Sit down and enjoy it hot out of the oven, with or without extensive toppings, you won't be disappointed with the choice if its a thin crust wood oven hand thrown pizza you crave.I've come back here with colleagues, friends or even alone many times while woking/visiting the area.
I'm a native New Yorker who grew up in Brooklyn and numero 28 is one of my favorite pizzas! Super fresh ingredients on razor thin dough! The carmine street location has an old school rustic feel while the Brooklyn location a bit more chic and with live music on certain days. 
Great pizza!!! Great atmosphere and we loved the service! Very fresh ingredients and the wine was excellent! Must try!
Wow!! Party in ma mouth !!! Great pizza great pasta .. so fresh amazing red wine too !! I will def come back !
Absolutely delicious pizza (Italian style)! Very fresh ingredients. The ambiance is low key and cozy. Seems like a neighborhood hot spot. Fantastic service, our server Sam was tremendous.
Great spot to grab lunch. Fresh tasting ingredients on great pizza. And exceptionally friendly service! 
had a fabulous time enjoying a variety of delicious pizzas, perfectly paired with a diverse selection of wines, all in a warm and welcoming environment.
Been to numero 28 a couple years ago before the pandemic and on this visit years later things are still as great as I remember. We ordered a family size pizza and chose 3 flavors vegeteriano, margherita with added anchovies, and tartufo. Everything is delicious and fresh. Our arugula based Rucola salad was soooo good. The portions are generous, the service is great and fast. This was a belated birthday dinner from my sister as i was away a couple of days ago on my actual birthdate and it still felt amazing and special. Highly recommend!!!
We had a pleasant time at this place. The food was fresh and service was perfect. Sammy took care of us and offered us drinks! Exceptional pizza and pastas.
Great pizza, tastes super fresh. The ambiance is also super cute - inside or outside. The service is also very quick even when busy. 
Great location. Amazing pizza. Think crust and sweet sauce with fresh mozzarella and plenty of basil. Deserts are top notch too. 
Had a great experience with my friends for dinner! The pizza is really tasty and fresh. Super friendly staff
Sammy was amazing! The food was super fresh and reasonable. The chocolate panecotta was beyond.. great lunch with my girls 
Delicious and fresh! Great service Sammy! The kale salad with avocado was nicely dressed and the perfect size.
Best pizza we have had in a long time! Truffle sauce was amazing. Prosciutto was so fresh. The couple was perfect was for two people. 
Excellent service and food! The pizza was fresh and the flavor was incredible. Definitely worth the money and experience. We will be back to try the pasta and salad too. 
Best night ever I loved it so so so so much. Pizza was delish and no were all the appetizers. Can’t wait to come back 
Quick service and excellent pizza. They brought us right in and not only was the pizza good, but the price was very reasonable 
Stumbled on this place on a Saturday night and had great service! Great pizza, great price, and great atmosphere. 
Delicious pizza and warm friendly staff! My boyfriend and I stopped in here before a movie and had a wonderful lunch!
Fantastic service in a great environment. Pizza is just the best in New York! Highly recommended and will definitely be back.
Excellent service. Great pizza. Light and edible crust. Fast service. Good pour of wine. Nice atmosphere. Love the lighting.
Ambiance gets 5 stars - quaint and cozy! Charming! And the pizza was excellent! Had a fabulous lunch with a dear friend. Highly recommended!
Wow!! Party in ma mouth !!! Great pizza great pasta .. so fresh amazing red wine too !! I will def come back !
The perfect lunch or casual dinner spot! You won’t get much closer to an authentic Italian pizza than this. Great ambiance, great service, and delicious pizza. Family size pizza will easily feed 5-6 people. 
Amazing pizza! Would recommend to family and friends! Went to John’s on bleeder but wait was too long and found this gem instead!
I grew up in France, but had an aunt, dear to me, from Naples. At an early age, I knew what the perfect pizza should taste like. Almost impossible to replicate this incredible experience, except at Numero 28. Here, you could be in Naples tasting pizza the way it is done !
The best pizza place in NYC. Super authentic and always friends and family oriented. Celebrate all my kids birthdays here
Great service, delicious pasta and a warm and inviting ambiance. We had three pastas, salad and dessert. 
I’ve been coming here since 2013 and absolutely love their food. It feels like you’ve stepped into a cozy restaurant in Italy. The pizzas are made in a wood fire oven, the pastas are cooked to perfection and the sauces taste like a grandma made it. Not surprising, the recipes belong to Nonna and you’re likely to see her at the West Village location. If you’re craving cacio e pepe it’s not on the menu but don’t worry, all you have to do is ask. They prepare it in a cheese wheel at your table. My other faves include the lasagna, rigatoni, tagliatelle bolognese and of course the pizzas.
We had a delicious meal, the cacio e pepe, Rigatoni nonna and tagliatelle were delicious. We also had a lovely bottle of Pinot Noir
Really great food and good portion size. Lovely atmosphere from staff who are very helpful. Would definitely recommend 
Our top favorite pizza in NYC, excellent service, excellent food. we take all our friends here from out of town.
Food and drink were amazing. Staff was attentive and responsive. Great spot. I’ll be visiting here regularly on my following business trips.
 Really sweet place and had a wonderful time w my friend and had a great meal. We had a lovely time I highly recommend it
A cute and inconspicuous restaurant... so authentic, warm and welcoming. Highly recommend!Food, service, ambiance all amazing. A New York experience is not complete without visiting Numero 28
Number 28Authentic Italian cuisine and friendly staff. A must visit for the ultimate Italian experience.Shivaan Ram
Great little Italian restaurant in New York City. Quaint, cozy and wonderful food. Friendly atmosphere 
Food is amazing! Cozy little spot that makes you feel like you’re actually in Italy! Great service. Highly recommend. 
Siamo venuti in questa pizzeria perché indicata dalla mia pocket guide come la migliore di NY. La pizza è davvero super buona. Ogni pizza è selezionabile come single,couple o family. Io e mio marito abbiamo scelto couple, una pala che va bene per 2 ad un prezzo più conveniente che due pizze singole. Abbiamo conosciuto la proprietaria, Eugenia, signora davvero in gamba, quando si dice una donna smart, dalla Calabria a NY ha costruito qui la sua attività e la sua famiglia. Amore in ciò che fa è il segreto.
One of our favorite places in the west village. Today we’ve rubbed shoulders with several italians who have said this is their favorite in NYC. Need I say more?!?!
My family and I come every December for lunch right at noon. We enjoy the cozy family atmosphere and the excellent service. My favorite dish is the fusilli. We cannot recommend this place enough! 
Love the pizza! the service was great and the atmosphere was wonderful. A great place for a casual bite in WV
Great service and delicious food! Perfect cozy vibe and everything came out quickly. Highly recommend for a casual night with friends/family or a date!
Ristorante italiano nel cuore del village. Personale gentile e preparato, ottime pizze e i primi italianissimi, non hanno niente da invidiare ai primi preparati dalle nostre nonne! Obbligatorio andarci!!!
Cozy and nice trattoria, a nice spot for family and friends. Great menu and the wine selection is on point
Numero 28 has one of my favorite pizzas in NYC! The numero28 with truffle and speck is the best and very cozy atmosphere 
Absolutely delicious pizza (Italian style)! Very fresh ingredients. The ambiance is low key and cozy. Seems like a neighborhood hot spot. Fantastic service, our server Sam was tremendous.
Pizza veramente buona, dolci altrettanto. La signora Eugenia e tutto il personale molto gentili. Atmosfera familiare, da italiani ci siamo sentiti veramente a casa. Consigliatissimo!
Ambiente caloroso, una bellissima atmosfera, accoglienza perfetta ,la proprietaria una splendida signora , le pizze buonissime con impasto leggero di prodotti di qualità per non parlare dei dolci che goduria la signora li aveva appena preparati una delizia , assolutamente consigliato 
Locale italiano ottimo. Se cercate la cucina italiana questo è il miglior locale di New York, cibo eccellente e ambiente super accogliente. I dolci sono sublimi! 
FANTASTICA!!! 😍Ottima serata con i miei amici a New York, pizza ottima e dolci spaziali, troppo buono! super consigliata
We've eaten a fair bit of pizza over the years, but this was probably the best ever. Flavoursome topping, a thin base, crunchy crust - it all added up to something quite exceptional. Friendly service as well. Highly recommended.
Great pizza, great service. Quiet Saturday day lunch with the wife. Will definitely come again soon.
This is our go-to spot whenever we're seeing a move at IFC Center or Film Forum. It's always a great experience -- the pizza is out-of-this-world and the staff is so welcoming. 
Great spot to grab lunch. Fresh tasting ingredients on great pizza. And exceptionally friendly service! 
Super beautiful interior. Polite workers and the pizza is really good. Calm and warm atmosphere. Overall god choice
Sehr gute und leckere Pizza. Geschmacklich wirklich gut. Preis Leistung ist gut. Nette Stimmung. Komme gerne wieder.
Enfin un endroit où l on se sent comme chez nous .et ça fait du bien .Les tarifs sont raisonnables pour Manhattan , on a pas l impression d être pris pour des pigeons…Accueil très convivial Plats excellents Allez y les yeux fermés Merci beaucoup pour ce délicieux moment.
Super bon restaurant italien de New York avec un super service. Vous pouvez venir quand vous voulez la qualité sera toujours la 
Excellentes pizzas dans un quartier très agréable.Nous nous sommes vraiment régalés! Service attentionné. A recommander!
I'm a born and raised New Yorker and I come here frequently as my number one pizza spot. That should say it all. Delicious and you won't regretti. Eggplant Parm and Margherita Pizza is my all time favorite. 
Wonderful food - we come here often. Love the wine and the pizza. It is our 6th time here and we will be back. 
Molto bene pizza!! The white pizza was amazing! The wine was awesome!! A small pie is more than enough for one person. 
The food was great, and authentic.We visited this establishment last Friday.But the food was so great, authentic, that we came back today for some more 😋.We had the lasagna and a medium pizza diavola.Thank you for the great service 😉👍.. 
Amazing experience, great food and ambiance! …. We had the pizza and dessert and it was great. Our waiter was outstanding 
Friendly atmosphere, quick to seat, ease going staff, and great options! Highly recommend the Numero 28 pizza!
Très bonnes pizzas. Service très agréable. Cadre authentique et chaleureux. Très bonne adresse à Greenwich village :-)
Pere salad is excellent! Nice combination with gorgonzola cheese. Pizza is also exceptional. I asked them to mix two types in the couples pizza. My choice was Diavola and cappriciosa. Both were so gooood!! 
This is a lively place with the great food and a very friendly atmosphere. The stuff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating. We will definitely frequent this place.
This spot is great!!! Pizza is amazing. The staff is so accommodating and my friends and I were able to sit asap without a reservation. 
Great pizza!!!!! Really tasty and the staff is very nice. They squeezed me and my friends in without a reservation. 
We went on a Saturday night before the NYC marathon with reservations we made earlier in the day online. It's a tight little restaurant but they have great pizza, which is exactly what we were looking for. Of course, I didn't realize it was cash only until after we had ordered a bottle of wine and were perusing the menu. After ordering, I dashed around the corner to a bank machine but they do have an ATM machine in the restaurant near the bathrooms.
Amazing atmosphere! It’s my go to place to get a meal in the area! It was originally recommended by my friend’s family from Italy! They spoke so highly of the food here and it lived up to the hype! My go to recommendation for NYC eats!
Love this place! Been coming since I was a child with my family and now I’m taking my partner here on a date! One of my most favorite places, food is always delicious and service is always great! 
Les meilleures pizzas ne sont pas toujours dans Little Italie. Ici, en plein Greenwich Village, nous avons découvert complètement par hasard ce restaurant pas très loin de Washington square. Le décor n'est pas surchargé, photos que l'on imagine familiale, stars italiennes.. L'accueil est sans fioritures mais on se sent très vite à l'aise. Coté pizza, sans doute une des meilleures jamais mangée : câpres et anchois sur une pate fine et du gout, vraiment. On est ici très loin des chaines et la petite attente est largement compensée par la qualité de ce qui est servit et l'accueil réservé. Bref, c'était simplement parfait.
Yummy Pinot noir goes well with the Margherita pizza! Cozy location, nice spot for lunch date, happy hour or dinner with family.
Nice spot! Good selection of wine. Nice atmosphere. Ordered the margarita pizza and a glass of Pinot noir.
정말 맛있는 디너에 친절하신 직원분들과행복한 저녁시간을 보냈어요.피자는 정통 이탈리안 스타일이라토마토소스로 만든 음식들이 맛있어요!그리고 디저트도 먹었는데푸딩과 초코렛케이크를 적극 추천합니다
Friendly welcome, delicious food, fun music. We have been past this restaurant many times and very glad we tried it!
Ottima pizza a New York, in un ambiente rilassato e con un ottimo servizio. Oltre alle pizze, c’è un menù interessante di cucina italiana, alla prossima visita!
Dopo una settimana a NYC la voglia di pizza si è fatta sentire, e con il mio compagno ci siamo imbattuti nella pizzeria Numero28. Pizza molto molto buona, servizio puntuale, bella atmosfera e musica italiana d’annata che qui ci sta bene! Bravi! Grazie Sami for the good service!
Very good pizza and a great ambiance. Staff very nice as well. It had a very relaxed and calm atmosphere 
Delicious food - try the meatballs and very good service. Good pizza too and nice ambience . The tomato sauce is great . Nice evening
I'm not sure I would make a return. We arrived on a Friday afternoon around 2:00 PM to a very small and empty place. The server was on the phone in the back. When she finished her call, she sat us. The table tops were sticky/tacky. Our paper napkins stuck to them and ripped when we tried to pick them up. I also was surprised at the limited beer options. For a pizza joint, I had hoped for more. The server had no idea what kinds of beers they had. She knew the name, but not what it was.I did like our food. It was truly enjoyable. It was fresh, tasty with perfectly cooked crust that crunched on every bite. Our bill came to $110 with tip. I'm glad we had on hand to pay the bill. For a fee, there is an ATM in the bathroom (odd place for it) if you need one.Our whole visit took about an hour. The wait time for the pizza to be cooked was about 30 minutes. It's made fresh, so it takes awhile.
We found this place by pure coincidence while walking in Soho. It is little South Italy on New York. La seniorita was friendly and prelofessional with a special Italian touch that makes you feel instantly at home. Authentic ingredients. Excellent Pizzas. Tasty Pasta. The Chocolatte cake a home made desert was absolute heaven. La Mamina offered us a second portion on the house ( adorable attention). Do not miss!!
Christina was our charming wonderful server tonight we had the white pizza with Gorgonzola and pear. The food was impeccable the wine wonderful the ambiance of dining out on the patio pure romance . Absolutely a remarkable addition to our trip to New York after seeing the off broadway play collective rage. Our last night in New York finish!
Wonderful appetisers (calamari and meatballs ordered), perfectly cooked blistered-base pizze with imported mozzarella di bufala and a short but decent wine list (we had the Primitivo) made for a great lunch. Staff were really friendly and localised Italians - 2 great guys - who balanced attentiveness with courtesy nicely. Only disappointment was a rather long doppio espresso and a burnt-ish espresso macchiato....get this right and you guys get 5 stars!Era ottima!!!
I rarely write scathing reviews - I am a glass half full, there's always some shimmering hope of positivity - kind of girl - but as far as this west village location of Numero 28 goes - my advice is firm: AVOID this piece of crap place. I made a reservation weeks in advance, because I wanted a large table - for 12 - early in the evening for our mothers day dinner - it was a big deal. We wanted killer food at decent price - in a family atmosphere. Well - the occasion was bombed to hell and back, here's why: - even though there were several large tables in the dining room they insisted on seating us right in front of the wood oven and waiters' walk way - so when we weren't sweltering from the oven's heat we were getting plowed over by servers. - they haphazardly took our orders, then proceeded in delivering our food piece meal over the course of 3 hours. They specifically asked us when we wanted our appetizers and salads (we want them BEFORE the entree) and then they brought 2 of the 4 pizza's out first, no appetizers for 30 - 40 minutes later - 2 hours later they brought the final 2 entree's - but no final pizza - when asked about the final pizza they acted totally surprised, and then told me it was "in the oven" It finally arrived at the 2.5 hour mark - while the rest of the table was dreaming about how soon they could leave - UGH - this was after we asked several times about our pizza and final entree's - REALLY BAD SERVICE - GRADE F - so yeah the pizza was delish (not a rare find in this city) but if you're thinking that ordering to go would still be OK - then please note: my beau watched with sickening awareness as the waitress knocked a slice off one of the serving planks (en route to someone's table that came 2 hours after us) and then she reached over and put the slice back on the plank (from the floor) to go serve. Yeah - if you want the best of NYC's slime and street garbage- on your pizza for some extra flavor - then make your way over to this piece of crap restaurant. But you might want to do yourself a favor and NOT. Numero 28 - you screwed me on my Mother's Day dinner celebration, then you charged me full bill - I was too angry to argue, but you SO deserve any negative fall out that comes from this review - including a stern visit from the health inspector. UGH
It had been almost a year since we dined here and were excited to experience the renewed restaurant now that chef Rocco DiSpirito helms the kitchen. This is a long, detailed review, so if you’d rather cut to the bottom line for us it’s this: we had a wonderful waiter, got to sit in a comfy booth with a view of the chef working in the kitchen, the special grill items were really excellent, my salmon was disappointing but cheerfully got replaced, the sea bass and baked Alaska were very good. We’d probably return. Now here’s our dinner in detail ...We had one of the first reservations of the evening and we were a few minutes early, so we had to wait in the cafe area for a bit until they were done getting ready for service. That was fine, although the cafe staff seemed a bit perplexed that we were sitting there and came to tell us we should order drinks directly from the bartender. It took me a moment to realize that they didn’t know that we were awaiting a table in the dining room and perhaps thought we were awaiting cafe bar service.In a short while we got seated in a nice corner booth adjacent to the open kitchen in the dining room. We were very happy about this so that we could see what was happening in the kitchen a little from time-to-time. My husband particularly got to see a bit of Chef Rocco in action in the kitchen, which was an added bonus. I’ve read that they’ve done a bit of redecorating since the previous incarnation of the restaurant but frankly I didn’t notice the changes. There still is the penny-laden floor, the vaulted ceiling, and the dark wood. The tufted leather booth was comfy! I really began to feel comfortable, though, when several staff members stopped by to tell me they loved my “Schitt’s Creek’ t-shirt and we got to chat for a minute here and there about my favorite TV show ever! Our server, Rodrigo, turned out not just to be a fan of the show (so he and me and my hubby got to bond a bit here and there) but also ended up being a delightful, service-oriented, efficient, attentive and caring waiter. He really was wonderful and is a great example of why NYC dining experiences can be better than anywhere.Being always a bit skeptical about food trends/gimmicks, we weren’t sure how we felt about the White Oak charcoal hunk in our water carafe, although the water tasted good (but so does NYC tap water). The amuse bouche was a tasty bite of smoked salmon and coconut creme fraiche on a nutty cracker-like “Game Changing Toast.” It was really deelish. The restaurant features a number of items cooked on a Binchotan grill which apparently uses White Oak and gets temperatures approaching 1000 degrees Fahrenheit. The restaurant does still have the word “grill” in its name, after all. So even though I tend to stay away from skewers we ordered three different ones as starters -- one was bluefin toro, another was wild shrimp wrapped in sea lettuce and a third was some sort of scallop. All were really substantial for skewers and had a simplicity that was also complex somehow -- with a little sweetness to them. They arrive on a wheeled table with the Binchotan grill (looks like a box) and the waiter plucked them off the grill and into serving bowls for us. We were surprisingly happy.For entrees we continued with seafood. Hubby got the poached Black Sea Bass with green olives and a red pepper puree and I got the organic Norwegian Salmon with fennel-glazed beets and cashew cream. My first bite of my entree was soooo good -- a beautiful balance of sweet and salty and I insisted my hubby take a bite but as I was finishing that first forkful I detected a bit of fishiness. I gave him a bite and he felt it was fishy, too. My second bite confirmed. In the meantime he was loving his sea bass. Rodrigo came by at just the right time to check on us and we told him about my salmon and he whisked my plate off to the kitchen for Chef Rocco to investigate. Here’s where a wonderful NYC waiter shines. He came back saying that Chef Rocco tasted my plate and thought it was fine, but that if I’d like to switch entrees he’d be happy to. I ended up ordering what hubby had and really liked it, even though I usually don’t go for red pepper purees. The sea bass was light and delicate but somehow stood up to the saltiness of the green olives. We split a lovely little Mandarin Baked Alaska for dessert and it was not only beautiful but the orange, chocolate and meringue was a nice combo of tart, sweet, and bitter. Good!I noticed that Chef Rocco came out into the dining room to greet some tables and take a photo with one of the patrons. Since we have no “VIP” status nor do we know him, he didn’t stop by our table, and we didn’t expect him to. He actually is cooking on the line here, so it was a treat to get a glimpse of an award-winning chef “doing his thing” in the kitchen. The real “star” of our little dinner, though, was Rodrigo!When it was time for the bill to arrive, Rodrigo gracefully mentioned that they took the salmon entree off of our bill, which was much appreciated. We felt well taken care of. On our trip home we discussed how we felt about the restaurant -- we agreed that it wasn’t life-changing but it was quite good and the service was spectacular. Since then I’ve read Pete Well’s NY Times review, we are inspired to come back and try some of the grilled beef entrees one of these days.
Adorable Christmas Candyland area just outside it and the Biergarten on the opposite side are both fantastic, but this restaurant was a disappointment. Boring menu; burger was average at best (thin, not juicy); fries were lame; service so-so. Our group ordered a few organic doughnuts to share, but we didn’t realize until after the first bite that they were vegan. I generally like vegan food, but these doughnuts were seriously disgusting — like stale cardboard. 4 out of the 4 people who each tried a bite agreed. Why even put them on the menu? I can’t recommend this place. There are way too many truly fabulous restaurants in the city to waste your time or money here. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
Lovely place , with a nice terrasse outside, to have perfect doughnuts, organic eggs (mexican way with nachos) and fresh kale salad to balance everything. Very good !
They feature organic and farm to table produce and meats. The menu changes frequently and they are very accommodating. If you want a quiet place to visit or a casual meeting there is lounge behind the bar that is nice and a little less of a scene. 
This area of Manhattan - thanks to the High Line and the New Whitney Museum - is something to behold. Wow! Everything feels new, different, and exciting including the numerous old and new places to eat and drink. The Standard Grill is a bustling and extremely pleasant eatery close to the Whitney and the High Line and has a brunch menu that is quite varied and diverse with choices that range from quite reasonable to ridiculously expensive. My Grilled Tuna with Fennel, Olives, Soft Herbs, and Shishito Vinaigrette was excellent. The chef knew how to serve grilled tuna rare just perfectly. My brunch companion was quite happy with his Turkey Sandwich with Avocado, Cucumber, Lemon Aioli on 7-Grain Bread. I loved mine, but I wanted his, too!. Standard Grill has lots and lots of choices like cheeses, cured meats, organic eggs, a great many sides, and an extensive brunch cocktail menu. Their raw bar includes a number of items that will drain your wallet if you're not careful, but generally the prices are fair and reasonable. Our server, Caroline, was quite efficient and helpful and had the nicest smile in New York on November 21st! Easy to recommend this eatery. I imagine their dinner menu is just as good and, probably, even better.
We truly enjoyed a birthday dinner that included three generations of our family. Service was just great (Robert).I always find that when they keep your water glass full, they also give you good service. The drinks were served as requested. The choices of the appetizers were good, including oysters, mushroom soup and salads. The octopus appetizer was octopus, perhaps another octopus would have enjoyed it better. Entrees were excellent. I had the trout. I love good fish and found this extremely good. The scallops were excellent and large but the portion was very meager four (I would recommend making another choice). Chicken was also excellent but I question if you really want to order a chicken meal in this nice restaurant. If you love organic chicken that have a go at it. The salmon was also very good, it was equivalent to any other salmon that you may order in any other top locale. One of the children ordered the hamburger, it was also excellent served with nice fries, bacon etc. All of the desert choices were excellent, lots of different goodies The décor was quite different. White vaulted ceilings made with recovered old subway tiles. The floors contained thousands of copper pennies and the toilet facilities were designed in a very modern and different way. The interior designers were quite astute concerning the likes and dislikes of the affluent hipster population that have become assimilated in the cobble stone streets of the former Meat distributor warehouses of this District. The decibel level was acceptable for a busy NYC restaurant. The table cloths apparently helped to insulate the diners from an abusive level found in other NYC restaurants. A comfortable conversation could easily be had here
We had the opportunity to drop in the Standard Grill beneath the Standard Hotel. As expected, the meal and service were excellent. We were seated at the chef's table, which we found very interesting and entertaining. We started with the Steak Tartare à Go-Go and the Chicken Liver Royale. Both were excellent. (Two people can share the Chicken Liver Royale!) For our main courses we had the Flash Seared Lamb Chops a la Plancha, Rosemary, Crisp Confit Potatoes & Cucumber, which was excellent. I had the Organic Berkshire Pork Chop, Warm Bacon & Potato Salad, Apple-Fig Chutney. The service was outstanding and we'll be back again soon.
We had breakfast there - one of the few places open for breakfast with outside seating in the Meatpacking district. Great choices of organic food, pricey but excellent. Very friendly and attentive service.
Had two really good meals here:1. a breakfast meeting here on a work trip. Don’t sleep on the steak and eggs with chimichurri butter. I am still scheming on how to make it at home here in Seattle. The space was great - tons of lovely natural light coming in, coffee was good (I think it’s La Colombe), etc. I can’t think of a place I’d rather sit down and have coffee and read a newspaper than this joint. Can I get one next door to my place next?2. A really nice dinner with some old friends in the grill. Feels super swanky and New York, I love this space. Would be good for dates, good for dinner with coworkers, whatever. Stuff on the menu I liked was the ceviche, the steak tartare, the duck breast, the pork chop, and those crispy potatoes. Double up on the potatoes. Killer.
Had an amazing time here! The vibe was impeccable, the wine list was great. I'm a natural wine enthusiast and they have great options. Loved the orange that they pour by the glass. Snacks were tasty and tasteful. Overall an elegant experience that was super fun. Chris and team are the best! My favorite new go to when in FiDi!
5 stars even though they didn’t have any natural wines and a variety of challenges ALL of them absolved by the incredibly Juan Infante who is now my new friend. Truly a gracious and kind host. The location is great and frankly food better than Pastis and the 1$ happy hour Oysters are a nice bonus.
We had a business dinner and the chance to get a table outside Food is very good , location awesome but The best was the service We ordered French red wine and said we are from austria .The offered us one Glas of the most characteristic wines from austria for free - a natural wine - which actually - only wine insiders know and honor line the Best restaurants in Copenhagen I was more than positive surprised 
Had brunch a few times, but quality has gone down. Its just bit better than diner food. The space is cool and I'd recommend eating out near the bar area where the natural lighting makes it more interesting. Convininent location for highline and whitney and shopping in chelsea market even.
Casual friendly grill with a buzz. Clientele included couples as well as young families.Had the lobster roll which was delicious, and the fries a cut above the norm. Efficient energetic staff.nice ambiance during day with lots of natural light. Understand it's a different crowd and mood in the evenings. Will return
Located in the Standard Hotel, this has always been a favorite spot for us, particularly when we're going to the High Line or Chelsea Market. There is outdoor seating in the nicer weather, a little white cafe section in the front, and the penny-covered floor dining room behind that with a slightly more formal, darker atmosphere.This time we came for lunch. I would describe the menu as eclectic, with a raw bar, cured meats, cheeses, sandwiches, entrees, salads, etc. I recall my veggie burger as being a bit bland and falling apart (usually the food here is very well prepared), but what distinguished this visit in the negative was that our server began things as very enthusiastic and attentive and then over time just sort of disappeared. We had to flag down somebody else when we wanted things. If this had been our first time we might not be excited to return, but since we know this place can (and usually does) do so much better, we'll most likely return to make sure it's the restaurant we normally count on.
The Standard Grill is a nice place , but not very special . The menu is varied and i had an egg white omelet with veggies .. Nothing to write home about ... at least for lunch ...
I may be the last person to go to the hip Standard Grill at the Standard Hotel beneath the Highline and near the Whitney. We went for lunch at noon on a weekday and there were many choices of places to sit. We sat inside near the front window. I ordered a regular salad (delicious light dressing) and shared it with my friend. It was enough to share as an appetizer. My friend had the yogurt chicken and I had the veggie burger. The burger was delicious and I skipped the bun and fries (believe me I could have eaten the entire thing but I am trying to loose some weight) I really was far happier with the menu than I thought. Clams and oysters looked fresh and delicious and at the same time the burger seemed hearty and tempting. I had a fruit plate for dessert and it was beautifully presented with apples, bananas, oranges, grapes and berries. My friend tried the green tea baked alaska . It was still frozen when served but she finished it happily. The staff all came to the table for feedback as it was new on the menu. We moved tables for dessert because we were cold in the front. I liked the back room, very clubby with booths. There were some celebrities and happily some old friends. The staff could not have been nicer and we were well taken care of the entire time. The only drawback might be on the weekends when it is packed and probably noisier. I will definitely return and I would hang out here if I lived downtown.
loved the ambiance and decor, very friendly servers, good selection of beverages and food for vegetarians, had a lovely afternoon. specially mention for the fries that were served with the veggie burger...thin and crisp and very different from any place else
This restaurant is huge, we sat out side in the garden like setting, and it was very pretty but we decided to check out the rest of the restaurant inside and there were many different rooms and setting to chose from Café style dining to a more elegant dining room. Also you must check out the bathrooms as there is an old photo-booth in there( Very retro looking)We loved sitting outside, I ordered the veggie burger and my husband ordered the Brisket sandwich both came with fries .and both were really good.Will definitely be going back to this restaurant on our next trip to NYC ...maybe for dinner next time.
We were delighted to find this excellent restaurant very near the beginning of the NY High Line. Two of our party had the burger with fries which were delicious. They also had an avocado sandwich with other veggies that made our vegetarian friend very happy. I had the arctic char which was cooked to perfection: moist and tender. Our waiter was very friendly and efficient. The wine list and specialty cocktails were also fine. Try The Lift which features a premium vodka with cucumber and elderberry liqueurs.
had the tomato soup and the chopped veggie salad. Also ordered the "Good Pickle" and a mixed drink.Soup and salad were wonderful.Good pickle was terrible and soft and soggy.Mixed drink was also not very good luckily it was only $12
Just finished walking the Highline in 100degree heat. Saw a sign from the Health Department giving this non-descript building an A. Was greeted immediately with a welcoming smile, and escorted to a table way in the back. Wow this place is huge. The hostess noticed I was checking out the lighting and asked if this table was okay? We were seated and promptly served water and asked for our drink order. I had the chopped veggie salad, my father had a BLT club. The salad was just the right size, not the enormous portion that you usually see in the city. Very tasty. The BLT was typically big and we took home a 1/4. Cost of meal $30.Not only was the server attentive throughout the meal, but they also have a water server. I mean the pitcher of cold water was on the table, but someone noticed my empty glass and came over to refill it for me. That is service.The menu is not extensive, but would appear to have something everyone could enjoy. They seem to lean toward items containing fish.
The Standard Grill is our must have when we weekend in NYC; nothing like champagne, oysters, creative cocktails and decadent breakfast dishes to wrap up a weekend or gear up for the work week. There are a few seating areas. Interior is like a comfortable living room with dark colors, a floor paved in Pennies, and wood trim. The entry area is like a sunny front porch with standard tables, chairs and booths, white hard surfaces and lots of light. There is also patio and street-side seating for when it's nice out. Make reservations as it's often booked with lines. We love having their Kumamoto oysters when available with Champagne to start. They often change up the menu with breakfast, lunch and cocktail options making it a unique experience each visit. We tried the vegan donuts this last visit... they tasted like a manhattan but consistency was awful (think sawdust) - please bring back the sugared authentic donuts!! Our 7 year old tried it and said "just disgusting." But, hey - you have to try new stuff so kudos on the attempt. The caviar course was over the top excellent with kettle chips, dark seed bread, toast points and crème fraîche - wow, more please!! Similarly amazing were the malted pancakes with blueberry sauce. The Maine lobster roll was delicious with lots of lobster and not heavy on the mayo or roll. After champagne (which is very pricey) we tried a breakfast cocktail (the gin-based Penny Drop was a hit). They typically feature several new options each visit and we write down our favorites but if you come a few months later the servers can't produce a previous drink, only what's current. Whether you're into fancy food or comfort food, they have both and interesting libations to boot.
The Standard Grill is always a wonderful experience! Do not pass on the brilliant cocktail list! The fresh, farm to table menu is truly wonderful--There is something for everyone..At my table we had a vegan, someone that was gluten-free and several foodies like myself..EVERYONE was happy and had a great experience. Excellent service as always. Take a stroll along the High Line..you are a few steps away..
Staying at The Standard hotel so the first morning I wanted to introduce my partner to the Standard Grill and their amazing breakfast (based on my previous visits). Alas the menu has been tweaked and is much more limiting to what it was. As example the omelette (which you used to get choice of fillings and all served with potatoes) is now either a meat or fish option - changing for vegetarian I was told was not possible (come on, it's eggs with ingredients thrown in - you cannot adapt!?). So overall found it disappointing compared to what it used to be
Located in the Standard High Line, The place has a a great vibe, set with the background of the meatpacking district it is in a great location. The service was really good, our server was a lovely lady, though through the night as it got busier things started being forgotten or not coming out at all. You could tell this was not her fault as she was waiting on the things being prepared but all in all it was a good meal.It is a relaxed vibe with a great range of dishes. My husband had lobster which he enjoyed while there were some great choices for vegetarians. The drinks are good, though the Espresso Martinis are again, not that great at all. This is where the US needs to up the game. It is definitely worth a visit though, it is a lively, entertaining place which is really great for a meet up with friends.
The vegetarian burger was super good and I always love the atmosphere. Great super friendly staff :)
My first ever visit to NYC and this place had been recommended by local residents. Boy what a fabulous surprise this was.We arrived for around 11 am for Brunch and had the most incredible vegetarian burgers that you could almost believe it was meat. The flavours were stunning.If you are a lover of oysters then this really is the place for you. I just had to have an oyster shooter and I wasn’t disappointed.There are 2 restaurants here, we were in the back one where it seemed very family orientated and totally lovely.The place was absolutely packed by 1pmThe service was 10/10 and we were looked after by the very handsome Mark.OM Goodness we had the champagne punchbowl to drink. Not to be recommended for 2 people, we were just being greedy 😁It was absolutely wonderful.This place had such a lovely warm feel about it and so many locals here too.We couldn’t have been made more welcome.Clean toilets downstairs. Ladies keep to the left otherwise you end up in the mens toilets like I did. A little confusing. Look down on the floor where you’ll see to go.Highly Recommend 
At home I typically eat vegetarian, but usually order seafood when dining at a restaurant. The Standard Grill had excellent fish and seafood entrees, but the small plates, starters and sides were so interesting that I ended up ordering from those selections. I liked the idea of customizing my dinner. I wasn't disappointed. I didn't go entirely vegetarian as I couldn't resist the Spanish Octopus, hazelnut romesco, crispy potatoes, preserved lemon dressing. Fabulous! I also had the Baby Artichoke Salad, arugula, caper aioli, ricotta salata and the Roasted Cauliflower with raisins and anchovies. Delicious! I'm always interested in the wine selection and, while not amazing, it was quite good. I was very happy with my selection. So great food and wine - how was the ambiance? I was dining solo, so I had lots of opportunity to look around. Liked what I saw. I'm from the design industry (now retired) so I always notice the details. Like the floor is real pennies - the tile industry sells "penny tiles" that are the size of pennies but don't look like pennies, so I loved that they did the real thing. The vaulted ceiling had handmade 2x4 white tiles installed in a herringbone pattern which added height, lightness and interest to the ceiling. Anyone that knows tile, will know how hard that was to install correctly. All in all a delightful experience.
A group of 13 of us had dinner here on Sunday night. The cocktails were delicious and interesting. The service was good. The menu was appealing (although there was only 1 vegetarian entrée). I had the squash salad, which was delicious, and the salmon at the server's recommendation (he said that it was a lighter dish than the swordfish). We also had the crisp potatoes (salty, greasy and delicious) and the roasted mushrooms (not amazing) for the table. I was too full for dessert. BTW, the butter served with the bread is outstanding.
Bottom LineSolid classics, Benedicts, omelets, French toast (stuffed), crispy bacon, friendly staff, cute crowd. Go and eat. You’re in NYC, so you’re going to spend $17 for eggs anyway, so do it here.Arrived at this SoHo staple to meet up with old work friends for brunch. It’s cozy, but the tables had plenty of space, and never felt crowded, despite a full house. Cool vibe, with lots of the younger “egg white” crowd. It’s brunch, however, so I found myself encountering a Bloody Mary, and kicked off the conversation as we fumbled through multiple failed attempts at a selfie. I had the Florentine Eggs Benedict, and a side of crispy bacon. Perfectly seasoned (those dang Benedicts have a tendency to be sloppy salt licks, especially to compensate for the spinach, but not here). Bacon was classic and cracked into pieces as soon as it was bent. I can’t stand bacon that bends. I consider it an offense to the piglet, whose intent was to make me smile. Vegetarian Lady had the Stuffed French Toast. Not my thing, but it was well crafted, and looked appropriately “stuffed”. Healthy guy ordered the egg white omelet and fruit instead of Home Fries (of course). Service was attentive, and considerate, and did not mind that we were hanging out chewing on work gossip for a few hours, along with our bacon. Four of us, with a drink and some coffee, $100. It’s classic cool SoHo. SoGo and eat.
Good atmosphere, indoor and outside areas. Sometimes hard to get good Vegetarian food in a restaurant, but not in this one. Flavoursome and interesting I had a great starter and even better main. Thoroughly recommend the restaurant from a vegetarian's viewpoint.
The first cold snap of our recent stay in Manhattan came on New Years' Eve. We had been wandering the streets hat and scarfless during the first few days of our stay (me feeling mildly cheated, there's nothing like a couple of atmospherically wintry days tramping around New York City) but the last day of the year brought Jack Frost with it. We weren't up for late night reveling this year but still had to eat. We made a booking for 8 and watched the kids skating on the rink outside before we headed in from the cold. We were ushered to a cosy nook in a corner and ordered a bottle of white while we looked at the menu, which was extensive. One of my favourite things when I travel is reading menus and appreciating the incredibly vast range of ingredients, and ones that haven't yet made their way onto the menus at home. At The Standard Grill, you can order from the raw bar (oysters, clams, caviar, lobster) for starters, platters of salumi, cheese and shellfish are also on the menu. Appetizers and mains have a variety of meat, fish and vegetarian dishes. We decided on a whole chicken for two with beans and crispy potatoes. It was the cosy dinner we would have made had we stayed in. The service was attentive, waiters constantly filling up water and checking to see if all was well at our table. The restaurant started to get buzzier and busier as we got through our meal with New Years' Eve party goers stopping by for drinks at the bar. The atmosphere was festive and fun. The food was excellent, tasty and nourishing and just what we wanted to eat on a cold December night. There was so much of it, we took our leftovers home with us. We passed on dessert and coffee and headed off, our last meal of the year was a really good one.
With varying tastes and dietary requirements, we had unanimous agreement about our meal at The Standard. My partner, who is a dedicated foodie, voted the pork belly appetizer the best had in New York. Two steaks consumed and pronounced the best eaten in quite some time. The vegetarian meal was the least satisfying but the Bibb lettuce salad was light and delicious.Ambiance and service was above average. We all delighted in our meals.
Walk the High Line to build up an appetite then head to the Standard for an absolutely brilliant burger.We sat outside on a Saturday lunchtime, the meat eaters putting to sample the burger while the vegetarian in our group had poached eggs. The burgers are AMAZING! Blue cheese and smoked bacon on top of fresh, great quality ground mince. Served medium rare, they were juicy and tasty.Staff are attentive, if a little pretentious, but this is the place to eat while watching the trendy pass by.We were all shocked at how inexpensive the lunch was. This place is a must.
Really great experience. Gorgeous food (and amazing gluten free bread!) and all staff so friendly. Would recommend :)
Native NYC-ers, we had not been to The Standard in years and were delighted by a recent visit. We were greeted by a friendly staff, whose affable vibe continued throughout the meal. Huge emphasis on locally-sourced foods and almost the entire menu is gluten-free. While many restaurants tout this, DiSpirito elevates his ingredients in creative and tasty marriages and the sum surpasses the parts. Beet tartare is silken and the sweet earthiness of the beets is balanced by the zing of capers and horseradish. Tuna tartare accented with herbs tastes fresh and new. The affable chef altered his signature shrimp-and-truffle risotto to substitute chicken when we weren't hankering for more seafood. Topped with a generous pile of shaved truffle, the result was, well, yummy. Extensive wine list with eclectic choices and a knowledgeable sommelier willing to suggest options off the beaten path. Chef Rocco DiSpirito's hands-on care shines. We'll definitely return soon.
This place is very impressive from the outset. Beautiful old dark and rich decor, with mood lighting and beautiful furniture. The food was pretty impressive too, and the wine list extensive... unfortunately, the service does not match the place. I had a standoff-ish waitress who rolled her eyes when I said I was gluten-free but wanted to have an option with potatoes. She basically said they couldn't do any potatoes without gluten.... which I know for a high-end restaurant is pure BS. How about just boiling or roasting them?! She went off to chat to her superior who came back and said 'this one time we will make an exception, ok?' and made me feel like the idiot for asking for it. Not good. Then after we got served the main, the service went further downhill because no-one bothered to come back and collect plates or see if we wanted dessert. So we moved on somewhere else for dessert and obviously didn't leave much of a tip. Disappointing. I'd book elsewhere i this great area.
Me and 3 friends visited this resturant in August. We had to wait for just 15 minutes before we got our table. We took a drink at the bar while we were waiting for our table. The bartender wasn't as serviceminded as she should have been. And I would have given the resturant 5 out of 5 if she had been better.The waiters served us some beets and parmesan cheese as a starter. As a gluten intolerant that was great as most resturants serve bread.The meet was medium rare and we could choose a side order; and we choosed fries. The food and the wine was really delicious. The wine list was sortered by country instead of which grape the wine was made of. I personally prefer the latter since I usually prefer certain types of wine depending on the grape more than which area it comes from.I will come back here, but I will not take a drink at the bar first.
My friends and I were so disappointed with this restaurant. I have gluten intolerance and the waitress was not helpful with helping me selecting my food. The food was nothing extraordinary. The restaurant does not do separate bills. We were 5 and it took us 35 minutes to come up pay our bills. I would not recommend this restaurant.
I had a wonderful experience. The service was high quality and very clean and refreshing as soon as you walk through the doors. The staff is wonderful. The food was delicious hands down!!! The steak was impeccable, like no other. My server Juan was very attentive to my needs and provided excellent service along with the hostess Lana and Teresa which were wonderful. They were very fast, friendly, and sociable. This restaurant is really worth my money and I will definitely be going again!!!! I would give it 10 stars if I could.
Went here for late breakfast/early lunch and was not disapointed.My wife had advacado on toast with bacon and sausage and I had eggs benedict with bacon.Service was attentive, environment was pleasant and clean and the food was delicious. The proces however were on the high side for what we had - $80 for the two of us (inc tip).
This was given to me as a suggested great place to eat and I wasn’t disappointed at all. The ambiance in the restaurant was electric. The decor exciting and clean. The food selection and choices were awesome. Maybe a little pricy but it is in Manhattan..!! Service as always great and not an user.Many thanks and hopefully see you soon 
Staff was so friendly. Food was so good and drinks were even better. Had some clean eating options which was really cool to see. 
Great food and a very correct price. Also very good to visit with kids. Good choices. clean restrooms
We were seated in the bar area of this casual and rather noisy restaurant. Clientele were mostly younger than our 50's - 70's group but we did not feel out of place. Location in the meatpacking district was easy to get to by car (we came from CT). Others came by taxi with no problems. My wife and I had turkey sandwiches which come with a salad of greens. No need to order much else, but we did enjoy the desserts, especially the marinated pear and apple crisp. Wine-by-the-glass selection was good and our server was outstanding. Restrooms are clean and spacious by NYC standards. Meal was a bit pricey but we had several drinks during our 4 hour stay.
It's The Standard right? The hip place where JayZ and Beyoncé choose to fight. We were there and decided to try it for lunch. There are 2 seating areas: a cafe and a clubby dining room. We chose a banquet in the dining room which was a great vantage point to observe hotel guests and locals dine. Most staff was gracious and accommodating though not necessarily well trained or experienced. We were adults celebrating a birthday and splurged on caviar to start followed by our main course. Regretfully everything arrived at once. I specifically said we will have 'caviar to start'. Our server was inexperienced but the kitchen expediter should have had a clue. When everything arrived, I commented everything at once??? Runners said there you go and ran off- what was I to do? Have them take the hot dishes back to dry out? Not wanting to make a fuss and make my birthday guest uncomfortable, we proceeded with the "buffet" approach to lunch. Caviar service was lacking the usual accruements-disappointing. To be fair, the main courses were tasty and well prepared. Thus the 3 point rating. Also annoying was the public feeling, less than clean bathroom. Go if you must but don't be disappointed, it's just ok.
We came here after our hotel concierge recommended it for breakfast/brunch. The restaurant wasn't busy and there were a lot of staff! Initially we sat in the sunshine but it was too hot so a few minutes after we arrived I asked if we could sit in the shade. The various waitresses looked confused and it seemed the table they wanted to seat us at was still dirty and no one could manage to clean it. Eventually they did and we ordered and breakfast arrived but my side order of bacon didn't. When we asked for it, the waiter lied and said it was "just coming" and 15 minutes later it turned up, by which point I had finished. They took it off the bill and took off one coffee but for what they charge, you would have expected better food and better service. Recommend breakfast across the road at Bubby's instead!
Visiting from the UK, seated early in a curved leather booth near the entrance, we felt we had a wonderful New York lunch: steak salads, generous cocktails, courteous and attentive service. Despite the quiet streets, it was completely full (Monday lunch). Just be aware that the (clean, modern) bathrooms are down poorly-lit stairs, with confusing mirrored walls….a challenge for the infirm.
One of my fav cheeseburgers ever, and I´m from Argentina where meat is amazing. Service it´s not THE best, though is a good one, but the stars here goes to the food and interior design. Very nice and clean. If you are going during weekends, book a table because it´s always too busy. Perfect cocktails and bar menu too. The barman really knows how to do his job.We also always order the tuna sandwich which is huge and delicious with fresh avocado.
I have nothing bad to say. The style and decor was classy and trendy at the same time. (Check out the bathroom - really cool!) The food was all delicious. I had eggs Benedict which I had never had before and always wanted to try. That plate was 'clean' when I was done with it, ate every last bit. And the in home made donuts were superb. (And I know donuts.) Staff was very polite and helpful even though we were a large unorganized group. I'd love to eat here again.
When native New Yorkers enjoy a restaurant so much they can't wait to return, you have a winner! Three old friend met for a very special birthday and they took reservations. The restaurant features indoor and outdoor areas, and different menus, but we picked the Grille because of its variety and it was a special day. Many other parties were dining including two large ones, but no noise level issues. The food is fantastic and presentation matches food. The servers are not snobs and they let us linger to talk and reminisce. Just a totally delightful experience.
Despite my longing looks at Fig and Olive (across the street), my husband, SIL, BIL and I had lunch at Standard Grill today. Here are my thoughts:Ambiance: Nice, lively atmosphere. Very clean and bright decor. No complaints. Bathrooms are a trip - definitely check them out.Service: Our server was definitely overseeing more than her fair share of tables, and thus it took a while to get her attention when we needed something. Not a big deal though, she was nice. Food: Average to slightly better than average. My Artic Char was nothing special, especially for the price. My husband's Chicken Paillard was also nothing special - he didn't even finish it. My BIL had the lobster sandwich, which he said was good, but he literally ate the entire thing in 2 bites - it was tiny. My SIL had the fish sandwich and really liked it. The Bread Crumb Pudding was absolutely disgusting - we all agreed on that.Prices: Pretty expensive, especially for the quality and quantity.Bottom Line: This place can get away with serving "just okay" food for high prices because it's attached to The Standard. Next time I'm in the area I'll ignore my husband (as I usually do) and head to Fig and Olive which has NEVER been anything but awesome for me.
On a recent trip to NYC, my wife and I walked the High Line and finished up at the south end, about 14th street, where hungry for lunch we found The Standard Grill just under the High Line. It has a white exterior, outdoor and indoor dining and what I would call transitional dining -- inside with wide open doorways. It is slightly upscale, with good and friendly service and very good food. It was busy and my general impression was that it was clean and popular. My wife greatly enjoyed the portobello mushroom burger. With my salad lunch I had a fruity cocktail which I recall was made with rum; very nice. After our long walk, we enjoyed the ambience of a relaxed and leisurely lunch. A perfect stop after walking the High Line.
Had a wonderful business dinner. Our server, Elijah, was kind, accommodating, and very knowledgeable. Our food was excellent, and the service was great.
Elijah rocked it!! Such great service and personality, I really appreciated the careful attention to detail. Thank you :)
Great for holiday party! Love the fries and dessert and Elijah was great I would come back on my own
If you want a classic New York dining and nightlife experience, then The Standard Grill is IT! The ambience, decor and servers are full of personality and hospitality (Elijah, Mark and especially Chris) My friends & I just had dinner there 11/30 as a belated birthday celebration and everyone was more than pleased with the service and vibe. The lighting and the music made us feel like we were at an exclusive club! Now the food….The Standard Burger, the seafood ceviche, salmon and oysters were the crowd favorites. My birthday dessert faves were the apple crisp and the carrot ginger cake! So good!! Literally getting hungry now thinking about it all. I can speak for all of us when I say TSG knocked it out the Park!
Divino lugar con una carta súper fresca. Me encantó. Cuando encontrás magia en lo simple se vuelve lugar para reincidir.
Elijah was great! We bonded over Diet Coke which I really appreciated. All around great service. Would definitely return. 
Great vibe. Fun.The heart of palm and burrata appetizer were excellent. The burger and roasted potatoes were the best entrees on the table.
Perfect spot for a nice dinner with friends in a cool luxurious environment. The staff were great. Very friendly, welcoming and super attentive. There was a DJ playing some great music which added to the ambiance but didn’t disturb our ability to talk. Elijah was our server and made some great recommendations. The Snow Pea & Radish Salad was one of my favorite dishes. Both me and my friend described it as “refreshing.” I also had the King Crab Linguine, which was very filling and delicious. Overall this experience served as a memorable nice night with friends.
Great food, great ambiance, and Annelise was terrific! She was helpful, charming, and a pleasure to talk to.
Our dining experience at "The Standard Grille" was nothing short of delightful. For appetizers, the oysters were impeccably fresh, the ceviche burst with vibrant flavors, and the pea shoot salad offered a refreshing balance to start our culinary journey.For the main course, I opted for the burger, and it was a masterpiece of juicy perfection. Dessert was a symphony of sweet sensations. The banoffee pie was a rich, caramel-infused dream, the matcha cheesecake provided a unique and delightful twist, the apple crisp delivered comforting warmth, and the cake was a decadent finale. The service at "The Standard Grille" was impeccable. Highly recommend!
Love love love Elijah!!! What an amazing server.....made the experience great!! Food was equally amazing and loved Oscar also.
Amazing atmosphere! Elijah, our waitress was amazing! She gave great recommendations and was so sweet and helpful. Definitely worth the visit. 
We were first greeted by fabulous Maitre D’ Chris who set the tone for a wonderful and fun evening with friends. Elijah and the supporting staff took care of us so greatly through the evening. They gave us great recommendations and made sure we had all we needed. The food was delicious, from appetizers to sweets. I had a super refreshing snow pea and radishes salad appetizer, and tasty salmon for main course. We shared some desserts for the table and I highly recommend the banoffee pie and the apple crisp. The craft cocktails were also super delish! The general manager, Steven, came by to check on us and gave great wine pairing recommendation with my entree. Just a wonderful evening with friends, good tunes and A+ ambiance!
Great service and food. Our server Elijah was amazing. Loved the chicken pate Booked a table for next week! 
Had the most special birthday meal! Our server (Elijah) made our night and even gave me a candle in my dessert! The food was incredible! And the floor is so special. 
What happens often in stylish restaurants? Food and service can’t keep the design level.The interior is modern but could also have been there for 50 years. Europeans might find it dark and loud, but for latter the restaurant is not to blame.We had oysters and raw local blue fish. Extremely fresh. And then a lobster (same) and home made pasta with clams. Savory, spicy, delicious!Desserts are fine, too. Could something be improved? Yes, the bread service. But then this might also be an European perspective 
Found this place after walking the Highline. Lovely sitting out area. Great location although a little noisy with local traffic. Ordered the Standard Burger and my wife had the Beef Salad. Really enjoyable and recommended for lunch.
Not a special place, the locals do not eat here. Feels very touristy, food is avarage and service is distracted.
I do admit that we went here on a Saturday night, which in NYC often means places are packed & staff are under pressure. But The Standard Grill set a new standard for pretentious, lazy and annoying service. The place itself is very cool, great decor and different zones, with the vibe and style you'd expect from The Standard. But the crowd and service...oh my lord, I cannot even. After having a few drinks at the bar waiting for our table (late-ish reservation) we were wowed by the ineptitude of the servers and the overall lack of care shown by the staff. It's obviously a local 'hotspot' but clearly amongst people with little imagination. The saving grace was the food which was excellent. Shame the rest of the experience had totally ruined my appetite by the time it actually arrived.
Went for a lunch and was surprised at the blandness of the menu The food we ordered was just ok and would be fine if the prices reflected the quality. I have to say as a positive note, their french fries were really tasty and fresh. The overall experience felt more of a tourist place rather than where locals would hang out.
Wanted to treat my longtime Manhattan resident friends to a nice dinner. They agreed to meet nearby after my Whitney Museum visit. Our dinner at the Standard Grill met their high standards as he is a gourmet cook. We each ordered a different appetizer, main and dessert. Appetizers were grilled octopus, raw clams, thick asparagus. Mains were fresh trout, braised short ribs, hamburger. Desserts were flan, meringue with rhubarb, a dessert wine. Plus a rose type wine. Each dish had the highest quality ingredients - meat, fish, fruit, vegetables. I ordered trout as I have such fond childhood memories of fishing and having fresh trout on family vacations. This was not the typical very thin white Sierras trout but a wonderfully thick pink trout that exceeded my expectations. Now I have to research which trout this was and find how to buy it. Note: there are two different type dining rooms at the Standard Grill; one bright, sunny, lots of windows with an outdoor patio; the other dark, leather with booths and tables. I requested the dark, leather just because it looked fancier; though if I'd brought my kids I would've requested the sunny. Service was unobtrusively good.
Perfect West Village recipe: Take one sky blue crisp Saturday morning. Walk the High Lineand dismount at The Standard/13th St around 11am. Enter Standard Grill and ask for table in the front if you want sunshine/tourist vibe - table in the rear dining area for more muted, local/metropolitan scene. Survey menu. Be spoiled for choice. Order an immaculately prepared brunch. Wash down with excellent coffee. Be thankful.
- Excellent cooking and a very nice presentation. - Super friendly staff. - Great local wine. - The lamb was perfect cooked. 
After a stroll on the Highline we put our name in for a table for three and went to the hotel's lively Biergarten for a yummy hot Gluhwein. Our wait for a table was exactly the 45 minutes they said it would be and we got one of the coveted booths. Lean, our server was knowledgeable, super friendly and efficient. Everything we ordered was delicious and presented beautifully. It was also a bonus the hotel and restaurants were beautifully decorated for the holiday season! We are locals and consider this place a gem here in NYC!
This is one of our favorites in NYC. As a local it never gets old. Why? Because the food and service are always excellent. The scene is grown and sexy with a tolerable amount of tourists. Luckily they are not the same BNT tourists you will find in many places in this neighborhood. Tonight our double date was perfectly tended to by Creighton. All restaurants should have servers that are this professional, congenial and so well versed in the menu. We ordered most of his recommendations (oysters, lobster, halibut, Apple blunt) and loved every single one of them. Will return to dine here for Christmas and will ask to sit at one of his tables. For those interested, seats on the kitchen are amazing, as is the "last call", essentially a vat of chocolate mouse. Try It!There's Creighton!
Sunday afternoon was packed with locals in an out of the way location. The Standard Grill has a front and rear section, with the front set up diner style and lots of light coming in. Rear section is more intimate with padded semi-circular booths around the perimeter, individual tables and bench style booths in the center. More of a steakhouse look. Noise level was quite high.Despite being jammed, they were able to find me a table in the front section. Server was quick to the table and very polite. Ordered the Standard Grill burger and was amazed by how fast it came out despite the crowd. So hot I burned my fingers on the bacon. Cooked as ordered, medium, to a hot pink center and served with a copper filled bucket of string fries (also hot).Found a new terrific beer, Colette Farmhouse Ale (good substitute for a Belgian white). I was dining solo and the on-duty manager, Dana, came by to chat with me and we had a great conversation. Very personable and made me feel welcome. Despite the huge crowd, she found time to visit. Well done Dana!Price range was $17 for the burger and $7 for the beer. Reasonable for a popular hotel spot.Lunch the following day, Monday, very quiet. Again, good service. Recommend the Maine Lobster roll, served cold on an open-faced roll. Fairly small portion, but very tasty. Price $25
We are not into the high end dining scene, but a local buddy told us we had to try to this place to see where the hip go... we didnt regret it one minute. We were politely sat down in a nice corner where we could people watch as New Yorkers came in for after office drinks and early dinner options. Our food was good, our waiter Nathan was charming and helpful. This was well worth the $100 USD we spent for two of us.
Staying at the standard and was excited to eat here. Wife and I had Saturday brunch. I ordered fresh OJ, espresso, and burger medium with egg. Was served espresso (not over extracted but not exceptional), grapefruit rather than OJ, and a burger that was cooked well done and an egg that was undercooked (whites were runny and not set). For $30 I was incredibly unimpressed - I would have enjoyed a burger from 5 guys far more than what I was served. Wife ordered shakshuka which came out ok. Our waiter was very polished and professional, but not very attentive (not his fault, but he was tending to too many tables to offer timely service, like checking in on us after our meal was served). In sum, food preparation was poor, I was served the incorrect beverage, and the value was very poor for the price. Ambience was nice and service experience was overall positive.
We were very happily surprised with how good snd delicious our evening was at the Standard Grill.. Diamond was our server. Diamond had an authentic elegance, warmth, and grace as she took care of us. We enjoyed fresh, sweet, briny oysters with lemon. Crispy, bracing, shaved sugar snap salad with vinaigrette. Charred, grilled asparagus. And! rich and generous duck confit. The duck tasted like brisket. With a bottle of smooth, mineral Cava. This dinner was delicious and incredibly reasonably priced.
Right underneath the fabulous High-Line, on the Edge of the Meatpacking District, attached to the Standard Hotel. I REALLY love this place! The buzzing vibe is amazing inside and out. Trendy, Glamorous, Cool, Beautiful. The ambiance makes you feel sexy, and the people do too! Everyone is dressed for a night out! If you want to see New Yorkers in full fashion like you imagine New Yorkers (Sex and the City?! Yes!! Mini Fashion Show? Yes!!), this is a great place to people watch! Oh and get a little fancy yourself!! Do it up! Dress to impress!! Have some fun!! Ok but how is the food? SUUUUUUUUUperb!!!! The culinary prowess here is so on point. Same way I describe the people and atmosphere is the way I can describe the food. Exactly what u think a trendy New York City restaurant should be and more. The dishes are absolutely delicious, packed full of flavor, cooked to perfection. A beautiful raw bar, everything is so fresh. The food is American Fare, with an Upscale Flair, but still comforting and inviting! The restaurant staff is very nice and very friendly. Soaccommodating and ready to please! My server, Latina, had such a lovely and pleasant disposition and did her very best to make me happy! She was very interested in how I loved my meal and came to check on me, even though she had many table. She was happy that I was happy! Very attentive and was a pleasure to have serving me! But back to the food, because I need to emphasize... THE FOOD IS DELICIOUS.side note: THE DRINKS are as amazing as the food, the vibe, the people! Creative Fun Cocktails! I'm coming here again as soon as I can! Maybe tomorrow! You should too! See you here!
Echos of old New York in a hip hotel at the south end of the High Line. The hot scene is in the bar in the hotel upstairs but a very pleasant evening can be had in the Grill. With raw bar, seafood and steaks being the specialties, we ordered the three level seafood tower and added the caviar. Split among 4 people, all we had room for afterwards were salads, which were not spectacular, but very good. The seafood was all fresh and there was plenty of it. The cocktails were also good as was the very extensive wine list. We had expert advice from the sommelier who was especially attentive even though we were not ordering expensive bottles. Service was good throughout . Not one of NYC's great restaurants, but a very enjoyable place to spend an evening with friends in a great part of town. Highlights for us were the wine list, seafood. comfy booths and the pennies on the floor!I look forward to coming back in the summer when everything will spill outdoors.
It is a quiet and classy restaurant for wonderful meals. Their use of the fresh ingredients and the way they were prepared and served were very creative. I had dishes I never had before. And I love foods and remember what I had where. We received friendly and very attentive service throughout our meal from Ben, Charles, Nicole, Jordan and Hayden. I recommend The Standard Grill to all food lovers.
Everything was really great, staff, food and drinks. Offers a mix of fresh seafood and a variety of mains too, great feel to the place too.
I can’t say enough good things about this restaurant. Beautiful entry and decor that reminds me of a Paris cafe from the 1930’s. Eating at the bar was perfect and our waiters were the best. The food was a little pricey ($16 for avocado toast for brunch) but it was all fresh, nice size portions and the brunch cocktails were unique and satisfying. I’m definitely going back. 
On a trip back to NYC, my fiancé and I went to the Standard Grill & sat outside. He was efficient, friendly & knowledgeable on the menu. He gave off great vibes, never pushy and we enjoyed all of our food. When our side order of fries were a tad cold, he brought over a fresh order without even having to ask! Francisco is a great server! Thanks! 
Lovely restaurant, open and airy with a nice selection of fresh, well-prepared dishes and a wide variety of specialty cocktails and wines.
On walking in you are greeted by a friendly seater as this place is very popular would highly recommend booking in advance. The service is excellent and top ups if drinks is very seamless. The food is fantastic with fresh seafood as a main draw. I started with a prawn cocktail which is one of the best I’ve ever eaten. Followed by a New York strip which was very tasty. One draw back was the fries as they were overly salty and not enjoyable to want to eat. Overall very good. The bathrooms have to be checked out as being quite novel. Will be coming back again for sure as the Meat Packing area is a very trendy place to be.
We’ve been here a few time and I’ve always enjoyed the food and the vibe. This time, we sat in the dining room - the penny “tiled” floor, subway tiled arched ceiling, soft banquets and park bench seats bridge this space beautifully with the patio/beer garden / ice rink (depending upon when you visit) and the bright cheery cafe space. You cannot go wrong with any of their fresh juices, beautiful fruit salads, crazy thick French toast, avocado toast, Eggs Benedict, and yummy breakfast potatoes. I also love to get oysters here with a nice glass of champagne. The Standard Grill is a perfect place to treat yourself before or after your stroll on the adjacent high line.
Fun stop on a Sunday after we had been to the Chelsea Market. We sat at the bar. The Bloody Mary with shrimp was a meal itself. We also had a selection of oysters which were fresh and delicious. This is an upscale trendy place. A little pricey, but it is NYC. The bartenders were friendly and provided excellent service. The five of us really enjoyed ourselves.
Coming here was a great experience. The ambiance is very welcoming and charming. Amazing food and service. Jocelyn was extremely knowledgeable and made great recommendations.
I enjoyed all the food at this restaurant! Dion was our server and he gave great recommendations and was very kind! His service was great!
I really enjoy the atmosphere and food but what I appreciated more was the great service provided by Dion he explain the dishes and his recommendations where delicious definitely looking forward to go back 
So very much enjoyed my experience at the Standard Grill. The food was great, the ambiance was beautiful and most of all, the server Dion was excellent. He worked very hard to make sure we had a good time. He was very accommodating and truly made our night. I highly recommend this establishment!
My best friends and I went to celebrate a bridal shower. It was such a beautiful experience with the entire staff congratulating her. I want to shout out our wonderful server Dion. He checked up on us constantly and gave amazing recommendations. The food was to die for and atmosphere was so perfect for our little celebration. Would recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
The ambiance was beautiful and the food was enjoyable. Jocelyn was our server and she provided outstanding recommendations. When you go, ask for Jocelyn! She won’t steer you wrong
Every thing was 5 star and Jocelyn our server was very sweet. The scenery and atmosphere was amazing.
Amazing food, atmosphere and service. Jocelyn served us and it was amazing, super friendly and really knows the menu. Explained to us with a lot of details about every single dish, and made sure we had a perfect experience. My girlfriend and I ate here two days in a row, and would definitely recommend here.
Customer service and the food was great, highly recommend. Vibe and ambiance was good. Very special thanks to Jocelyn.
I love coming to this spot every time Im in NY. Loveeee the food n drinks. Love the atmosphere took soooo many selfies. lol. My favorite sever is Jocelyn. 🫶🏾 Love her vibes. Can’t wait to come back to NY. I Probably will be there in Dec. for the holiday. Recommend this place. 👍🏾👍🏾
This place was great. The Caesar salad was amazing and their portions plate very generous. Our waiter Elijah was informative and kind!!
Very nice restaurant with delicious steak! My server Jocelyn was sweet and gave us ample space to eat without disruption. I would visit again when I am in town! 
Food was amazing. Brought back the original burger recipe which I love. Jocelyn was a terrific waitress.
Host sat us right away. Dining room was designed beautifully with timeless elegance. Service was impeccable, wine was top notch and food is one of the best in the city!
Excellent experience from beginning to end. Delicious food (especially desserts) and attentive friendly service. I’d go back for all holiday meals. This is a must go experience for anyone visiting the meat packing district.
I was in Manhattan visiting my daughter on Thanksgivng Day. We had no reservation, the Standard Grill was packed and we inquired about bar seating. Our wonderful hostess Tiffany saw us a bit overwhelmed looking for bar seats and spotted a table for 2 who had just cancelled. She was so generous to guide us there in seconds, a perfect spot for mother and daughter at a truly spectacular restaurant. We enjoyed good wine, people-watching—and the best burgers I’ve ever tasted. Thank you, Tiffany! (Our server Connor was excellent, too).
I dined in at the Standard hotel for lunch.Jocelyn was our server and made sure we had an amazing experience.The food was great!!!
I met up with a colleague of mind for lunch at the Standard. I was visiting from California on some business. The service here is great! The environment and view is relaxing and really lifts you up. We had Jocelyn as our server. A very well spoken, knowledgeable and beautiful server. She came to us with a warm greeting. We never felt pressured but she was always there when we needed her. She suggested we try the shrimp cocktail and oysters to start. They both were too notch for NYC! We had coffees and cocktails. Our coffee cups were never empty through out as our server anticipated all our needs. I had the Lobster roll as a main per Jocelyn's suggestions. My colleague had the standard burger. Exceptional quality on both. We were too full to have desert but we must go back for the French toast and the dinner experience.
Visited this establishment with my friend for a few cocktails during Happy Hour before our Highline walk. The Aperol Spritz are amazing! We loved our bartender and his trainee! I absolutely recommend The Standard Grill! Will be back!
The Standard is a perfect staple. The aviance is warm and inviting. Our waitress Diamond was friendly, funny, and added to something f special to our wonderful evening.
Great Thanksgiving lunch! Elijah was an excellent server, and the food was good. Would highly recommend for a family get together. 
After a long day of travel, our lunch was just what we needed. The meal was perfect. Also, our server, Jocelyn, was perfect! She was attentive and professional!
Great food, friendly staff, good admosphere. I really liked the million dollar chicken. Absolute gem.
We wanted a fun place to take our teenagers on a trip to NYC and The Standard did not disappoint. We loved our experience and our waiter Elijah went above and beyond to make sure we had a good time. 
The food was delicious! I really loved all of the options. Our server Elijah was very nice and really boosted our experience!
our server elijah was great! there was a warm atmosphere and we felt welcomed while. in addition, the food was delicious and would definitely eat again.
Loved it everything was great my friends really enjoyed it. Food got better I had the duck breast and my lady had the king crab spagettini was bomb. Tables are set up nicely the setting nice n dark lighting we took pictures everywhere. Thanks to Ian and the team took care of us. Will be back
Fantastic service by Diamond. Food good. Guests next to us were very noisy. Very loud and detracted from the atmosphere. The manager should have said something but he said he was unaware. It was unacceptable. But Diamond was fantastic.
We had a great dinner - food was amazing and service even better. Dion was the one making this a fantastic evening! I can definitely recommend!
I ate here for lunch and really enjoyed the food and ambiance. I had Jocelyn as a server and she was so attentive, sweet and well versed in the menu. I would definitely come back!
We were very happily surprised with how good snd delicious our evening was at the Standard Grill.. Diamond was our server. Diamond had an authentic elegance, warmth, and grace as she took care of us. We enjoyed fresh, sweet, briny oysters with lemon. Crispy, bracing, shaved sugar snap salad with vinaigrette. Charred, grilled asparagus. And! rich and generous duck confit. The duck tasted like brisket. With a bottle of smooth, mineral Cava. This dinner was delicious and incredibly reasonably priced.
My wife and I went to the Standard Grill after visiting the Whitney. Dayna greeted us with a smile and provided great service for Happy Hour. Nice and relaxed atmosphere in the afternoon.
We came into The Standard after a great visit to the Whitney. Our bartender, Dayna, was so helpful and patient. This was a great experience and I would return again. Thank you Dayna, you handled the room perfectly!
Great ambience and amazing service. We sat at the bar and where immediately greeted by Pepe. He was warm and a great server. Had delicious drinks and a great time. Will come back for sure.
Yesterday was my first time at The Standard Grill. Jocelyn was our server who made sure to go above and beyond. We had the monkey bread to start follow by steak & eggs, lobster roll and chicken& waffles. Everything was super delicious. Thank you Jocelyn for the recommendations! 
I went here for my first solo lunch and I couldn’t have chosen a better place. The food was 10/10 and the service even better. My waitress was Jocelyn and she was the sweetest and made me feel so comfortable being there solo. She recommended drinks and food and also told me what is in the area so I can walk around. I will definitely be back and request to be seated in her area! 
My best friends and I hadn’t done a paint the town red kind of night in such a long time but we finally got together and we are so lucky to have chosen The Standard to kick things off. We arrived early and got drinks at the bar before our reservation and were then promptly seated. Annalise was our server and when I tell you this woman worked for us, my god did she hustle. Incredibly knowledgeable, prompt and entertaining, she is what elevated our time from just a good time out to one for the memory books. Heck, I wish I could invite her out the next time we go.As for food, we were all really happy with our selections, we shared the Caesar salad and I got the king crab linguine, which Annalise was able to ensure could be made without the mint. I annihilated the whole plate. My friends all got the scallops and I had a bite of theirs and it was delicious as well, that perfect melt in your mouthness. We had a few glasses of wine and were also treated to a round of champagne from a nearby table of French guys who Annalise assured us they weren’t creepy.We were sad our night had to change spaces from the standard because we really enjoyed our time there and Annalise made us feel like a million bucks. 
This was my second time here for dinner, and it was a much better experience than the first time. I had a drink at the bar while waiting for friends (which was amazing). Once we were seated, our waiter Dion went over the menu and the available wines, at his recommendation, I had the wagyu, which just blew it out of the water. Highly recommend! 
Jocelyn.. we dined in, our time at the Standard was amazing, it was our first time she told us where to go afterwards.. next time we come I’m asking for Jocelyn
Loved visiting the Standard for dinner. Jocelyn was such a great server, gave great suggestion on the menu and anticipated my needs. Will definitely be back. 
Always the best service!!! Pepe, Sergio and Alex are always on top of their game with cocktail menu knowledge, speed of service, general friendliness, their positive attitude, and professionalism! 
The food was great and the service was even better. Annelise was very attentive and fun! We all left satisfied and eager to return.
5! Jocelyn made it such an enjoyable experience and recommended amazing dishes. also wupsr funny! Nice ambiance as well.
Atmosphere cannot be better. The drinks and food were splendid. The service was impeccable. The manager was wonderful. 
This place is great chilled, relax but at the same time very lively and fun specially on Sunday nights when you is hard to find cool exciting places to go to. Their bingo is great so is the music Pepe the bartender goes above and beyond with his service making sure you a fun night and makes really incredible drinks and suggestions great talker too and smart ... Just overall an amazing time there.
The food was excellent, everything that came to our table was delicious, well, prepared and hot! Chris, the general manager was very attentive to us, and our server was especially helpful. 
Great food, the atmosphere was nice, and the service was exceptional! Our server, Jocelyn, was outstanding, hilarious, and very attentive. Will definitely come back again! 
Annelise, I absolutely adored you as my waitress 10/10. Thanks for the help with the French guys!!! Thank you for all you recommendations. The food was so great
Amazing time. Somehow they snagged Chris from a NYC restaurant institution and he is transforming this restaurant to a place to be…. Great atmosphere along with great food. Sergio is masterful with cocktails at the bar. 5 star NYC night.
How amazing to see Chris at the front of the house! Standard is back and happening! Special compliments to our bartender Sergio! Cucumber mezcal cocktails were over the top! Perfect choice and worth coming to Meatpacking! 
Great food, a fun sexy atmosphere, and impeccable service! Our party had a wonderful evening at The Standard. Our server, Elijah, was very attentive and made sure that our evening was a great one. The seafood tower was the best we’ve ever had, don’t miss it! Can’t wait to come back.
Visiting from LA I made sure The Standard Grill was the first spot I came to have dinner. The hospitality spearheaded by Chris Sessions was phenomenal. He made us feel welcomed and at home from the second we got here. Our server Elijah took care of us and elevated our experience to the next level. I look forward to coming here and visiting Elijah and Chris next time I am in the city. 
I recently had the pleasure of drinking at the standard grill, and the experience was nothing short of exceptional. The inviting atmosphere created a perfect setting for a memorable evening. The staff, notably bartender Dayna, contributed significantly to the positive ambiance.Dayna's friendly and engaging demeanor added a delightful touch to my time at the restaurant. While waiting for my friend, I found her to be not only efficient but also excellent company.
Great service from Sergio. Stumbled upon this venue, whilst on a walk. Managed to get grab two seats at the bar and enjoyed shrimp cocktail and a number of delicious cocktails. Sergio, our mixologist, was attentive, engaging and always happy to help with suggestions, or information about our drinks. Really great service and would recommend a visit if you’re in the area.
Our waiter Gery was incredible and made the meal a great experience. The food was good and convenient to the High Line. I recommend it. Good menus for lunch.
This was a great lunch spot. The food was great and the service was impeccable. My server Annelise was very welcoming and fast with service.
We had a great pre theatre meal at The Grill.Dion our server was very knowledgeable on the seafood and proactive with his recommendations.We would recommend this restaurant.
Elijan was a superb server, with the right food tips and quick service, all infused with joy, so we could get to our show.
The Standard Grill is back in action, and let me tell you, it's a celebration! After a considerable hiatus, I made my return to this iconic establishment, where the illustrious maître d' extraordinaire, Chris Session (known for his impeccable work at Pastis, Raoul's, and more), has taken the reins as Director of Hospitality. Chris and his exceptional team have the place humming, and I must say, the dining experience was on point.If you've never had the pleasure of dining at The Standard Grill, allow me to strongly recommend it. And if it's been a while since you last visited, it's high time to put it back on your dining radar. The wagyu steak, my dear, is nothing short of sublime!
Had a wonderful dinner last week at The Standard Grill. The food was fantastic- I had the burrata and the duck and would highly recommend both dishes! I want to give a big shout out to our server, Annelise! She was attentive, energetic and very knowledgeable about the menu. She gave us great suggestions to make our meal special.
Elijan was phenomenal and they provided us outstanding service!!! Thank you for everything today! I appreciate you 
The Standard Grill exceeded expectations, and what truly elevated the experience was the exceptional service provided by Timo. His attentiveness and knowledge of the menu added a personal touch to the dining experience. Timo's recommendations were spot-on, enhancing our culinary journey. The recommendation he gave was to try the Island Duck Breast. There was zero left overs, I’ll be back for another serving of it!! It’s to die for. His professionalism and friendly demeanor created a welcoming atmosphere, making the evening memorable. The combination of Timo's excellent service and the restaurant's outstanding cuisine make The Standard Grill a standout choice for those seeking not only delectable dishes but also a top-notch dining experience.
Could not recommend this place enough! great food, drinks, vibe, staff and even had a nice little chat with our neighboring table. Our server, Annelise, was very friendly while also being very knowledgable about the menu. Will def return and ask for Annelise to make sure we are being taken care of. 
Yesterday was my first time dining at the Standard Grill, and surely not the last! The food and ambiance honestly ended up being better than I thought it'd be! My Bestfriend and I had the pleasure of being served by Dion and I must say it was an amazing experience from start to finish! Dion's expertise in the menu was truly impressive. He navigated us through the variety of meals and ingredients, making our choices not only delicious but also well-informed...What stood out the most was Dion's incredible patience and friendliness. Despite our special requests, he accommodated us with a level of professionalism that exceeded our expectations. He went above and beyond to ensure our dining experience was tailored to our preferences. We never had to search for him, he consistently checked in to make sure everything was going great and anticipated our needs!Kudos to him for being an amazing waiter at such a busy restaurant! We will be back!
This was my first time having dinner at the restaurant and I am so glad I was able to experience it. I had the scallops and Bronzino and they were excellent. The side of carrots and asparagus made an excellent pairing. Our server Dion was extremely knowledgeable about the menu items and his recommendations didn’t disappoint. From the first wine to the dessert, he didn’t miss.I would return for the dessert alone! He did an excellent job checking in to make sure my friend and I were okay and making sure the evening was pleasant. One of the mangers, Mackresha was also such a sweetheart and very attentive to all the guests. If you want a nice, not so stuffy Manhattan experience, definitely make your way here And if you’re up for it, head upstairs to LeBain for dancing and drinks! 
I had an exceptional dining experience at The Standard Grill, largely thanks to our outstanding server, Dion. His genuine friendliness and helpful recommendations elevated the evening. The food was not only delicious but paired perfectly with Dion's expertise. A memorable visit, indeed! 
ELIJAH WAS THE BEST EVER! WE LIVED!!!!!!! Amazing, perfect, immaculate, impeccable, beautiful, WOW! So fun and kind! Also QUITE timely! 
I had the best time at the standard with my family! Dion, our server was on point - super friendly and knowledgeable. He made the dining experience a great a great one! I highly recommend the mushroom risotto!! 
We had reservations for a late brunch to celebrate our anniversary. The host, Gerald, was welcoming and took extra great care of us making sure we had a cozy table. The lobster rolls were presented beautifully and did not skimp on the lobster. Shoestring fries were a perfect side. The chocolate mousse dessert was out of this world and definitely made to feed at least 4 people with large spatula included! Our server, Jonah Quest, was professional, friendly and very accommodating with our meal requests and moscow mules! The brunch atmosphere is upscale casual and lovely setting. Gerald and Jonah made sure to leave a lasting impression for a wonderful visit! Definitely will return next time we are in town!
Great food and excellent service! Pedro was a pleasure ,Salad and BLT were delicious. Huge portions. 
Great spot in Chelsea if you want high quality dining. Came here with my boyfriend for a spontaneous dinner and got Dion as our server. We asked what he would recommend and really knew the menu and took great care of us. Through his recommendation, we got oysters, Caesar salad and the NY strip, all were delicious. Dion also mentioned their infamous Sunday brunches which we’ll definitely come back for. 
Easy, delicious stop for lunch. Had the butternut squash soup and chicken sandwich. Food came quickly and was good quality, atmosphere and decor was lovely. 
This location has very good drinks and they change their menu according to season. The food menu is also seasonal but excellent cuisine. I just want to say that Pepe the bartender is one of the friendliest and fastest bartenders there is. He is very hospitable and provides great service with a smile. Overall I like this place and Pepe is a great addition to this restaurant!
Came in for my birthday celebration because of the food, left a forever returning customer because of the DJ and vibe! Chris was so fun! Spent time at our table and made us feel like regulars. Well we sure will be now! Cannot wait to dine again with larger parties. I hope they have the space!
Incredible food, lovely ambience, and excellent service. I came here this past weekend to celebrate my birthday with a friend, a place we were eager to return to as we had not been back to since before the pandemic. Everything seemed better than it was before then but most especially was our experience with the amazing staff. From the moment we entered the restaurant until we left, we were looked after by Maxwell with the utmost care, attention and professionalism. Even above and beyond that, he was engaging and serenaded me with the Happy Birthday Song (yes, serenaded, and beautifully done might I add!) clearly showing how much he cares about each and every patron's entire dining experience. The Standard is the whole package and you will leave with your appetite sated and hearts full.
Gr8 place mgmt done gr8 food great drinks whole place locations table love this place ty. Dav Vic tell us about BEST restaurant 
We arrived for brunch at 11.15 and were informed that breakfast finishes at 11.30 but last orders at 11.20. We opted for lunch instead. I had the lamb bacon and harrissa sandwich it repeated on me the whole day. Another member of our party had the fish taco sandwich made with "hockey" which ended up being Hake. Fish was over cooked. Service was great to start but the moment the food was delivered that's where it needed. No more drinks were offered and table sat dirty for ages before being cleaned. 
I'd walked past this restaurant the previous day & thought it looked interesting. Booked to take two old friends & my daughter for lunch without knowing too much about it. Could not have been better. We sat inside at the front. The cocktails were fantastic. The menu isn't huge but our food was delicious. We had a lovely waiter who was fun & attentive & very helpful to me as I have Coeliac disease. Could not have been happier with the whole experience & highly recommend this restaurant. You can come out & walk the Highline straight afterwards.
We heard about this place all the way from the UK. Recommended by a friend - what a great little place this was! I ordered the New York strip med-rare, which hands down was the BEST cooked steak I ever had. My boyfriend ordered the special, because even the effort that goes into the waiters descriptions of the specials was mouth-watering. Food reasonable price, but be ready to pay for the wine. But, the whole experience was worth the bill total! Constant hands on service, but with no interference to you or your evening. I really recommend this restaurant, and should I return to New York, this will be top of my list to eat there again!
This restaurant was awesome. The atmosphere was lively and exciting. The food was to die for; I ordered the NY Strip and it was fantastic. Our waiter, Creighton, was spectacular and made our experience that much better. We will definitely be coming back for the whole experience!! 
We'd eaten here before - but indoors. This time we were seated in the garden patio area and the whole evening was wonderful. Our waiter, Creighton, was enthusiastic and knowledgable. The food was spectacular. If you're lucky enough to eat there on Thursday the beef short-rib special is NOT to be missed. We were sending our daughter off to London and she said it was the prettiest place she'd ever eaten.
It was our first night in NYC and our friend made reservations at the Standard. We arrived and were seated in the middle of a very crowded, loud restaurant. This was not a problem at all, simply an observation for those perhaps seeking a more intimate dinner. Our waiter was friendly at first, offering suggestions for drinks and appetizers. I got the grilled octopus, which was the one redeeming part of the evening. It was downhill after that. The entrees took an obscene amount of time to arrive. A party of six at a table to our right arrived at least 20 minutes after us and all had their food before we got ours. And our waiter didn't come to tell us what was happening until much later. He informed us that the kitchen had gotten backed up and missed our ticket and that they were finishing everything up. It seemed more likely that he simply forgot to put the order in and now everything was being rushed. So we waited another 20 minutes and our food arrived. And the steak that was ordered medium came raw - like cold in the middle. It might as well have been tartare. When our waiter returned after a while to check on us, we should him the raw steak. He seemed more annoyed than anything, and offered to have them recook what was left. Needless to say we didn't wait to wait another hour, so we declined and said not to worry about it. He left, and we discussed whether we wanted to try dessert or not. We will all still hungry, and decided why not, its our first night out in the city. But our waiter was nowhere to be found. One of the bus boys came to refill our drinks, and I asked him if he wouldn't mind bringing a dessert menu. He obliged, and then vanished to whatever hole our waiter vanished to. We saw our waiter again before we ever saw the busboy, so we simply asked for our check. Thankfully, the rare steak was left off the check, but on the whole it was a really terrible start to our week in the city. Thankfully, other restaurants redeemed the week for us. Maybe we just got a waiter having a rough night, I don't know.
Good FoodMy wife met four of our out of town friends met here for dinner. Rene was our efficient and very capable waitress on this Thursday night.I had the short ribs that was cooked to perfection. Melt in you mouth. My wife shared the rib eye for two. They had asked for medium but it came out rare. Unfortunately, sending it back to the kitchen didn't help. It came back rare. Management did removed the charge from our bill. Two other friends shared their "World" whole famous chicken. It was moist and tender. My guess it was probably brined. The last diner had the tip steak. Unfortunately it too was under cooked.All and all it was a good night out with friends. The only negative comment is that the kitchen needs to pay closer attention to the meat requests.With that said I would come here one mire time. 
Had the pleasure of visiting this establishment yesterday, the food was great, we had the roasted whole chicken for too, creamed spinach, and 1/2 dozen oysters. I tried a drink called the penny drop (Great!!!!!!) overall everything was perfect. Word to the wise, make a reservation before coming, unless you'll be like us and have to wait by the bar for about 20 mins
I have been here before for a post shopping escapade cocktail and found it charming. This time around....for a business dinner. Service was absolutely wonderful. The food was also excellent. We started with a cheese and salumi platter, mini caesar salad, and wonderful entrees including grilled scallops, steak with chimichurri sauce, whole roasted chicken with sides of brussel sprouts, grilled potatoes, etc. A great dessert is the brownie in the small cast iron skillet. The seafood choices look spectacular. I would encourage you to try the seafood options or just some simple oysters on the half-shell. The dress code is casual/business casual. The location is perfect! Had a great time!!We had a large dinner party and despite the main circuit breaker going out in the middle of our meal, the workers were very professional and handled the situation well. For addition fun head out to the biergarten next door for a night of casual drinking and ping pong!
We had a ball - great food & great atmosphere - it was a joy, very cool spot. We stayed at the Standard as part of the trip - it was a blast the whole time. The food was first class - my wife had the lamb & it was awesome, I had the linguini and it was excellent too 
While out in Manhattan visiting family we decided to book at the standard grill. Not impressed at all with the service and the attitude some waiters had. Plus food not as good as expected. Left feeling something was missing from the whole experience
To whom it may concern;I had a wonderful time at your establishment, and Glenn, our server, was incredibly helpful, insightful and a pure delight.He is a great addition to your team and we thoroughly enjoyed his attentive service. We absolutely enjoyed the meal suggested by Glenn, and your team, as well as your Somalier's, whose name I cannot remember at the moment, wine suggestions. We do look forward to returning to your establishment again because of Glenn, and you're wonderful team's attentive and joyful service.Till the next time. Sincerely,David F Zambrana
My husband and I have been to many restuarants in NYC over the last 15 years, but this is by far our most memorable experience. Our waiter Creighton guided us through an amazing dining experience. There was not one item served that was not pure excellence. Amazing melt in your mouth short rib special (Thurs only) and perfectly flavored bourbon glazed pork chops. I will be recommending this place to everyone I possibly can. Perfect romantic location. I just want to end with our gratitude to Creighton who delivered the most amazinng dining experience. He truly has a passion for delighting his guests and a passion for the amazing food The Standard services.
Such an amazing, delicious, and warm experience. The food and service was excellent — Diamond and Chris were so personable, warm, and attentive. They truly were the cherry on top of our delicious meal.The cocktails were divine. My boyfriend got a meatpacking Manhattan, and I got the Naked and Almost Famous. I highly recommend this one! So smooth and perfectly balanced.For food, we began with the oyster, grilled prawns, and chicken pate, and finished with the duck and New York strip steak. The steak was a personal favorite of mine — the steak was cooked perfectly. The fries here are the best I’ve had in New York — were perfectly crisped and salty. Such a delicious meal.The desserts here were increeeddible. The banana pudding and apple crumb dessert were out of this world, and also made me think of my own parent’s cooking, but with elevated ingredients and presentation. Superb. All in all such an amazing first time experience, one that I can not wait to repeat and share with more friends and loved ones.
It has been a while since I have been to Standard Grill and yesterday reminded what a gem this restaurant is. We were warmly welcome by the host and went to the bar for a pre dinner cocktails. The bartender suggestion were fantastic, the cocktails were well balanced, t too sweet and very refreshing.. after our experience at the bar, we seated at nice booth and our server was knowledgeable, attentive and funny. The crudo and chicken liver were delicious and the lobster pasta and duck are a must. The desserts were so yummy! Needless to say, date night was a huge success. Thank you to the amazing team at The Standard grill!
They make a perfect negroni, have a diverse wine list and really interesting menu.My yellowfin tuna tartar was very well balanced with cilantro and lime...my short rib rage homemade pasta and husbands Black Sea bass was excellent!Dinner from cocktails through dessert was exceptional. Delicious.
We were looking forward to having dinner at The Standard Grill, which we assumed must be good due to the fact that it forms part of the five star hotel.The food itself was delicious; the grilled octopus starter was tender and flavourful and not at all chewy. The rib-eye main course was cooked to perfection, as was the mixed green vegetables and pan fried potatoes. It was evident that the cocktails were made by competent mixologists as their flavours balanced one another wonderfully. Although the service started off being five star (the friendly, professional hostess managed to secure us a table outside), it soon diminished to something you'd expect at a lesser establishment. The clumsy waiter broke basic service rules by repeatedly reaching over the table, not knowing anything about the wine selection and shrugging his shoulders when told the bread was stale (it most definitely was!). We received some freshly prepared bread, but this wasn't enough to recover from the unrefined service we experienced.With so many other mid-high priced eateries in the city offering great service as well as food, there's no reason for me to return to The Standard Grill. Disappointing doesn't cover it.
We went for lunch on a Monday. Very busy, waited 10 minutes for a waiter to notice us. Service continued to be poor: Drinks took a long time to come, appetizer brought out at same time as entree, no sweetener brought with iced tea. Lobster rolls were nothing special. Cold pea soup good, but could not enjoy it without the fries accompanying my entree getting cold. Never offered a refill of tea. Waiter was focused on a large party at next table. Prices high for such meh food and awful service.
We enjoy sitting at the bar, before taking a table. The drink are fun and well crafted. It can be quite busy, and service can be slow but mostly friendly. Fresh seafood, farm to table. In the pasted we have had great whole trout, huge shrimp with corn and Mexican aioli, raw clams.
What a disappointment. Went for a late weekend brunch and our table had the burger, farm breakfast, Cobb salad and huevos rancheros, so a pretty varied order overall. Nothing was terrible but nothing was better than just OK, which shouldn't be the case at a place like this. There is too much exceptional food in New York to eat boring and bland dishes. Spend your money elsewhere.
Located in the meatpacking district, the Standard Grill features a farm to table menu. The outdoor section is set under an attractive pergola. The food is quite good-- not very original but tasty. The waitstaff is very attentive. After 10, this spot gets hopping!!
We loved this restaurant. Great selection of tasty food, much "farm-to-table". They have the most amazing and attentive staff. We loved it, and would highly recommend it !
First, I want to mention that we spent the week traveling and visiting family for the first time since the pandemic. Having spent 20 plus years in the hospitality industry I also recognize the strain the past 15 months has had on everyone. I start with that to say that many of our dining experiences over that week were very poor. On our way back to Maine we decided to stop in New York to see some sites. I’m so glad we did, because we capped our trip off right by dropping in to Bill’s Bar & Burger Downtown. We stopped in on a whim after looking at their menu outside. The food was delicious! They were able to accommodate us with our excited little one in tow. We were happily greeted by the manager, Alecia, upon entering. As she monitored the floor operations she continued to check in on our experience until we left. The star of our time with Bill’s was our server Joseph. Simply put, he gets it, and was awesome! His knowledge of their product was clear. What sets him above was how he paced our meal and managed our dining experience. The flow felt natural. We were never rushed and everything felt like it arrived just when or before we needed or wanted it. I rarely take the time to make reviews, but our time with Joseph and Alecia felt it deserved it. I hope your experience with Bill’s Bar & Burger Downtown is just as good as ours was. I’m highly confident it will be!!!!
We enjoyed Bills Burger Bar the first time we visited during our Lower Manhatten stay so much that we returned for lunch two days later. Both visits were excellent. The restaurant is cosy, friendly and has great atmosphere. The service was efficient yet friendly. The burgers were excellent made with a selection of fresh, tasty,and natural ingredients. We also enjoyed the waffle fries and the onion rings. 
Not a natural burger eater I enjoyed the shrimp burger - beautiful and the cheese burger. Appears to be very fresh ingrediants
 Checking into Marriott Downtown after morning of travel and feeling famished, my wife and I decided to try this place despite being vegetarian. Friendly staff and servers couldn't have done enough for us. My wife had a salad with grilled shrimp and I had veggie burger with sweet potato fries as well as guacamole with chips. All food was excellent and reasonably priced for NYC. If you need a place to relax and to have lunch with a varied menu for all tastes and dietary needs, this will be a good choice.
Live in the neighborhood so I have been often. Decent sit-down place for burgers: beef, deluxe beef with toppings, chicken, turkey, veggie. Several sides or salads: fries, sweet potato fries, mac n cheese. Malts available!Some large TV screens for game day/night.Service is hit-or-miss. Good place to bring larger group as they have big space here.Location just a couple blocks from WTC memorial.
Great food, location, beer on tap and several burger options including veggie burger. Nice crowd not to stiff and great TVs for the weekend games. 
After a long day visiting the one tower and 911 memorial we found here for something to eat.We had a Veggie Burger and a Bacon and Cheese burger and both me and my wife loved them. The portions were large and the onion rings very nice. Nothing was to much trouble and we had a very nice meal here. We would visit again without doubt if we go NY again.
After a visit to the 9/11 memorial, we stopped in at Bill's Burger on West Street. The size of the place is deceiving, the dining room looks small when you walk in, but there is a whole other, large room around the bend. There are 3 NY locations. The menu offers appetizers, salads, hot dogs, tacos, sandwiches, shakes, sides and desserts, but the highlight is their burger. You can choose from about a dozen variations including beef, veggie, shrimp and turkey, with different toppings and choices of buns. You can customize your burger with a diverse selection of condiments and toppings; the prices are under $15. The cheese fries, coleslaw and onion rings are great add-ons. The shakes are thick, creamy and flavorful. They also have a bar area, with happy hour Mon-Fri from 4p-7p offering wine and sangria for $5 and dozens of beer selections. They also offer a nice breakfast menu and takeout menu. A great place for a tasty burger and more.
We ate here on Halloween. We are from out of town and our waitress gave us a suggestion about the local Halloween parade that we could go watch. She was extremely friendly and I wish that I got her name so that I could put it in my review. The food was good. There veggie burger was good, and like none that I had eaten before. Vegetarians can feel confident that there is an option for them on this menu.
Popped in here for a quick burger and a beer. Both had the veggie burger, which was excellent. So many veggie burgers are lame, but this had good sauce and salad.We also discovered Pacifico here, which is really nice. They have a great list of beers.Staff very friendly and attentive.
I don't know if this is strictly vegan because the oatmeal could have been made with dairy milk. But at least they offer a breakfast a vegan can order and be reasonably sure they're ok. If in doubt, ask. Sometimes potatoes aren't cooked vegan-style either. But this is the best I could do, and it was tasty and filling. The night before I did go in there for a take-out Beyond Burger. There was no one at the hostess stand, but I saw a group of servers further in just standing around. So I went up to them to ask for a take-out order, and one told me to go back and wait at the hostess stand. So I did and after a few minutes someone came around. The Beyond Burger was very good, so were the fries. Just be sure to order it vegan-style so they take off the dairy.
Spotted this from across the street as we were about to head into somewhere else that turned out to be already full, and we were glad we did. Very friendly place, our server was extremely helpful the whole time, could not have been more accommodating. Drinks were good, burgers were excellent, we also had hotdogs, wings, fries - again all good. Even our vegan was catered for and happy. Couldn't ask for more for a quick lunchtime bit to eat after visiting the World Trade Centre.
great service, cool interior, nice staff, vegan options. we had a great evening anfd they have an incredible selection of beer
After a very long (and wonderful) day of sightseeing with family and friends in New York City, we all wanted to relax over a casual, not-too-heavy dinner not far from our hotel (Club QuartersWorld Trade Center - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED). The Downtown outlet of the Bill's Bar & Burger chain was just beside the hotel, and came well-recommended by the club Quarters Customer Services Manager Kevin, so we gave it a go. The hotel isn't affiliated with the restaurant, by the way.What a great restaurant and bar. It's casual and relaxed, with a lively ambiance (and that doesn't mean noisy!). Our party of 6 was welcomed and promptly seated; menus were quickly provided and drink orders taken. It's an 'all American' burger place, but the menu is extensive and includes a variety of other dishes, including salads, soups, sandwiches, dishes with a Mexican influence, and other substantial main meals. There's options for the meat-lovers, the vegans, and those who have gluten intolerance. I believe one of the signature burgers of the chain, the Fat Cat, was listed in CNN's 'Top 10' burgers.Burgers it was for most of us, and we ordered quite a variety, The restaurant was busy, but our meals were delivered without an excruciating wait, and we were all impressed with the presentation and, most importantly, the freshness and quality of our meals. Our orders included The Big Mamoooo (my order), the South if the Border (with guacamole, The Grilled Shrimp Burger, and the Mini B's Sliders. Sides were very generous servings of Fries and Onion Rings. The Big Mamoooo, topped with a generous helping of mac and cheese, was delicious. The burger had been cooked as requested, with the cheese as requested. Each one in our party enjoyed his / her meal. To finish the meal, a number of us had a Signature Shake. How good are these? Mine was the Cookies & Dream - Oreos and vanilla ice-cream covered in a generous heap of melted marshmallow. It was seriously delicious.This isn't a luxury dining experience by any means - just good food at very reasonable prices. Our server was pleasant and efficient, and the bill was correct. We left knowing we'll probably return on our next visit to New York City!
We stumbled across Bill's Bar & Burger after visiting the 9/11 memorial museum on the first day of our stay in NYC. Lovely helpful staff and good selection of burger and chips. Suitable for vegetarians with their Beyond Meat burger. Would recommend!
Stayed in a hotel few steps away and after a long flight and being very hungry we went in. I had the "impossible" burger , a vegetarian option that smells and tastes like real meat. Juicy and full of flavour. Really put me and my family in a good mood.
A great burger joint. Very good service from first to last. The red white and blue 4th of July milkshake was a wonder. The staff were friendly and helpful. The only odd point was that having ordered vegetarian food, the chips came with a chilli sauce including meat. It may have been a crossover in translation.
If you’re a vegetarian and looking for a good burger place in nyc - this is the place to be. The portion is huge and its delicious. The fries that come along and so good too! Totally recommend this place for vegetarians too! 
We went to Bill's Bar & Burger Downtown before a performance at Carnegie Hall (walking distance). The place is HUGE with lots of room for groups, yet set up for smaller parties as well. The service was very good and the food just delicious. A wide variety of beers on hand and there are vegetarian choices as well.
An excellent choice of vegetarian and meat options. Very nice sides and superb milk shakes . I would visit again- but best of all was the service - not quite so easy to guarantee. 
Delicious burgers, and they had a good gluten free bun. Amazing service, we loved George! The fries was also good!
I gave this place three stars, not because it was bad but because it was average. They did have a live singer that made the experience quite nice. The food and service were quite basic. I was able to get a gluten free meal, which after a day of traveling, was filling and necessary. I had the Big Bird BLT which was just alright, nothing special. Fries do not come with your order but a side of them will feed two people. We enjoyed the sweet potato waffle fries more than the classic fries. This place is quite basic, not a whole lot of seating but not particularly packed either. It seems like a good place to grab a quick drink and then head up to your hotel room.
They were very considerate about providing gluten-free burger and bun for my daughter.I wasn't too crazy about the loud music for lunchtime, but the place was certainly fun, and the food was very tasty.
Great Burgers & Drinks! SHEENA Is The Best Bartender Love Her Vibe. Fast Service And The Environment Is Always Clean. Everyone’s Friendly And Professional
Good fine excellent service. Premises very clean ad tables nicely spaced. Their coffee is exceptional.
Me and my mom stopped by for a quick bite while killing some time. The place was clean friendly, and welcoming. The manager made sure we were taken care of while the bartender, Sheena, was taking care of side work. The food was great and Sheena the bartender was awesome!
We stopped into Bill's while exploring around NYC for lunch. Nice clean place ! The staff there is 2nd to none. The food was great as well, best burger around!
Staying next door at the world centre hotel, we had one breakfast and one dinner here. Clean, quick and not expensive for the area. Good food. Friendly staff. 
Very tasty - very fast service. Delicious sweet potato fries. The burgers are cooked to your preference - good solid roll and topped with anything you'd like. The service is quick and the servers are pleasant and attentive. Fun environment, decent price and clean.
It's a burger bar that's got it right! Clean, good friendly service and delicious food.. the milkshakes are exceptional!! 
Found bills bar and restaurant a few days into my holiday, not too far from the 9/11 memorial it's the perfect breakfast. We ordered the bacon and egg burger with pancakes to the side, cooked perfectly and at a reasonable price too. Service was brilliant plus it was very clean.
Popped in for dinner as it didn't look too busy, other places around just seemed to busy. No idea why this place was quite as the food was delicious, service good and had a nice vibe. Music was at a decent level so you could have a conversation, and a decent mix to please most people. Now the food. Had the Jalapeño burger, which had a substantial layer of chilli's on the top with just enough bite but not to overpowering. Wife had the bacon and cheese burger, which she thoroughly enjoyed. Two clean plates in the end and if I'd been at home, I would have picked the plate clean!Reasonable prices for the area, meal for two less than $50 with a drink,Well worth a visit, don't pass it by.
It was clean. The food was good. The staff was very friendly. We enjoyed have a quick lunch there. Fun!!
Visited NY last weekend with a friend from out of town, we wanted a place to eat close to the WTC and figured this would be a good option. Food was good, the quality of the meat was great, I had a bacon and cheese burger with sweet potatoes. It was really hot outside so we did appreciate that it was nice and cool and a great atmosphere as well. Prices are ok for NYC, no fries included with the burgers which is kind of weird but other than that, service was pretty good, nice and clean place with good food.
We went in leaving the One World !Restaurant is nice, clean... the service is good as well.The food is average... but enough for the lunch !Prices are good.
We just grabbed something yo go before we hit the road to go home it was really good and so worth money, we didn't have the time yo eat in but it smelled so good in side and was very clean , the staff was nice as well unlike most of the inner city places we visited that weekend.
I can't say I was over enamoured by this place, we came here for breakfast prior to visiting the nearby 9/11 Memorial and it was dark and a little dingy.I had coffee, a cream cheese bagel, toast and orange juice while my wife had yoghurt and fruit which she enjoyed. I just feel the place needs a deep clean, I understand that it's a pub the rest of the time so I guess that all I'm saying is that it's not an ideal venue for breakfasting in my opinion.
Service great! Sangria quite tasty. Burgers are good, fries good too. Cheesecake very good. Beer expensive but good. Clean, open air, darn good place.
Keila provided fantastic service and made great recommendations. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was great! 
Amazing vibes and food to match. Thank you Jasmine for making our time here so enjoyable 😁. Can't recommend enough. 
Stephanie was amazing! Great recommendation and customer service. Very attentive. Looking forward to coming back. 
Tres bon restaurant Américain. On y mange de très bons burguers typiques. De bonne salades et des oignons coups en beignets. Ce restaurant se trouve juste à côté des tours jumelles. Bon service et des gens sympathiques.
Amazing experience. FOH managers had the vibe on point. George took care of my family with honest care and observance. Be back soon.
Had a great time at Bills Bar & Burger. Our server was George and he was great. Food was delicious and he constantly checked on us. Great place to sit down and hang out.
Burger kommen mit verbranntem und tot gebratenen 2 mm dünnem Fleischpatty, sowas hab ich noch nicht gesehen in den USA. Service Note 6 Der schlechteste Burger den ich in meinem Leben hatte.
went for a date, had some of the best service i’ve ever had in the city by i believe her name was liz, had split blonde and brown hair, super polite, super attentive didn’t have to wait for anything, cheers!
Came here for a bite to eat with my partner before a show, the food was great, and came out fast. Liz was our server, and she was very attentive, kind, and even asked about the show we were going to. Definitely coming back.
Been here several times since the move to the new office. Janice, Cassidy and Anabel were lovely hosts. It’s now our usual spot hands down.
This Wednesday was my husband and I's 40 year anniversary. We could not have been happier with the wonderful food and service at Bill's. Our darling server was always tending to us and making sure our special night was magical. I forget her name but she was quite young and had very interesting black and white hair. Our order came out so quickly and was perfect. She also didn't mind chatting with two old people about her interesting college life! My Husband and I will definitely be coming back.
Had great service at my table because of Liz. Food was good and service made it even better. Will be back.
I had Liz, she was great. and her tattoos are cool. Food was yum and beer was beer. A good spot and i bet her music taste is cool too
Liz is one of the best servers I’ve ever had. She was very quick with my order and only showed me kindness.
lekker eten, leuke sfeer in het restaurant en fijne service. Als je hier komt vraag dan om george als je serveerder!!
We are locals and enjoy coming for a great beer and burger. Recommend the Fat Cat. Kid friendly. Sierra was our server and took great care of us.
Sheena was a lovely bartender/server. Very pleasant. Manager was super friendly and greeted everyone with a huge smile and very warm welcome. I order toast and some Turkey bacon (which was just right). Service was very attentive. 
Great food, great service. The burgers 🍔 were amazing. Good local beers (the Bengali IPA was my favourite and a lovely environment. Thank you Sheena
A very cool place with delicious burgers and shakes. A great local beer selection and fun summer drinks as well. The staff was very hospitable and our server George was by far the best server we had this past week. He was so pleasant and gave us great menu recommendations including the Oreo shake which my son devoured.
We’ve been staying at a local hotel and enjoying breakfast but felt like a change. Went to Bills and received excellent and friendly service from George as well as very good eggs Benedict. Will return tomorrow.
Bill’s offers really good burgers and a big selection of beers. Both local and foreign.The place is big, and there are TVs all over with different sports.If the employees were a bit more observant of their guests instead of talking to each other, Bill’s would get another star. 
Nice place to have a dinner or lunch. American style decor, friendly staff and nice local beers.Shrimp burger is good with the tartare sauce and avocado, Bill’s burger is the all time classic.Definitely going back!
Having visited the WTC memorial we were in need of some time to relax and wind down - the burgers here were some of the best we have ever eaten. Service was excellent, great local beer and all in all a great lunch.
We stopped in for lunch before our tour at the 9/11 Memorial. We sat at the bar, ordered a couple of local beers, hamburgers and fries. First off, the bartender (Kano, based on the receipt) was fantastic - friendly, joking with us, yet completely professional. The beers were very good, and I appreciated the first pour from a new keg after the old one blew. The burgers were tasty, cooked as ordered, a good size ... not too big, and the fries were fresh and hot. While not a bargain, the prices seemed in line for Manhattan and we thought Bill's was a good value.
Best place to watch any of your favorite sports. Beer, good food and a laid back atmosphere. Staff is helpful and knowledgeable. Try to order some of their local beers, you will not be disappointed. 
We tried this restaurant as it was local to us. We had the burger with sweet potato fries, cheese chilli fries and onion rings. Really great meal. One of the best we have had here too. The cheesecake for pudding is just wonderful. V creamy. You can also ask for a selection of miniature beers (4 on a tray) this was a great idea to taste instead of buying a pint each time. We will definitely go again.
A busy bar and diner with several big screens showing sports. Wrestling, American football and baseball at the same time when we were there. The burgers were well cooked and very tasty. The choice of beers was excellent. We avoided the really strong brews and enjoyed two local beers very much.
We stopped by here after visiting the 9\11 memorial. The restaurant is about 2 blocks down, and we felt like we needed some fresh air, and a chance to reflect on what we had just seen. Bills was a great spot to do this. The waiter was very friendly, and recommended some burgers and local beers to us. We also had our first taste of chilli cheese fries, which were amazing! I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
We were tourists here, and you can tell the place is loved by locals. Really nicely done and the burgers are quite good. And prices affordable however they should Warner you that burgers are super small and you'll have to order a least a couple of them. Then it became kind of pricey. Plus they charge you for fries and everything you add. 
Good food attentive staff really appreciated the farmers market omelet and fresh berries were a great addition
Outstanding food and better service. Stephanie.V 85 West make sure we had everything we needed. We had a chocolate shake, cheeseburger, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and frito bandito burger. All was fresh and delicious.
We visited New York and Bill's Burgers was our last stop before heading home. Food was delicious, fresh and fast. Wish I could've finished it all but I was so full. Sheena was our server and she was fantastic. I'm a restaurant manager in Florida and hire the best of the best and she fits that criteria. Keep her around. All around great experience. Thanks again for the hospitality 😁 if I'm ever in the area again I'd be sure to stop by for another bite!
Stopped in for lunch on a fairly busy Saturday. Our waitress was very good and, while busy, she never lost her smile. Our order included the Classic Chicken Cobb (wife though it was tasteful and was more than enough); the Big Bird BLT (scaled down leaving off the avocado, lettuce, tomato and mayo - ok so perhaps more like a Bacon and Turkey sandwich). The turkey was nice, the bacon was crips but unfortunately the bun was dry and pretty much inedible. Had the bun been fresh it would have made all the difference in the food. We shared a plate of fries which were pretty much your standard fried. Would we go back? Probably not.
Great Breakfast Excellent service by George. Highly recommend a visit. Friendly atmosphere, food fresh and tasty. Will be back
Thank you George You are very cool guyNice food nice server And very nice fresh squeezed orange juice
We enjoyed our morning meals here when we stayed at New York Marriott Downtown. George, who waited on us, was congenial and efficient in his work. Good omelettes, fresh OJ, coffee. I'd be happy to go back.
George was an awesome server. The food was good. Fresh squeezed orange juice was outstanding. Good atmosphere
We ordered fish tacos, burger and salad. Salad and fries were not fresh and crispy, but fish tacos were OK. 
Bill’s claims that they are among the top 10 best burger places in Manhattan. And I think they are right. The heart attack Chili & Cheese Fries is just stunning!Great selection of beer and super friendly staff! Everything is fresh and served in a heartbeat!Visit!
After a great but very busy morning in NYC, we were looking for somewhere to have lunch. We came to Bill's, and had lunch and a fabulous experience! Bill's was the place! Chad gave us GREAT service, and took great care of us. The food was excellent -- the sliders, the tacos, the clam chowder, shakes -- perfect!
Visited this place twist during my NY trip. Great staff and fast serve. My kids loved the place! The place is also fresh!Also this is very close to the 9/11 memorial but with much less people. 
Visited for bite to eat after long flight. No frills but very popular and I would go back. Good service and food was hot and freshly cooked. Large portions.
Great food and excellent service. Ordered the sliders with sweet potato lattice fries. The meal was presented well but was just warm. Notified the staff who promptly took it away and brought back a fresh, hot meal and apologised. Apart from this small hiccup, I have to say a great place to dine and would certainly recommend.
Liz is the best! So awesome. Food was also so great! I got the Gobbler on a whole grain - it was super yummy. 
Needed a bite to eat, and stopped by Bill’s Bar and Burger after seeing great reviews. I didn’t have to wait too long, but would have after trying the South of the Burger burger. It was delicious! My server, Liz, was on top of things! I never had an empty glass and as someone that has difficulty making decisions, I was pleased when she steered me in the right direction when ordering. Thanks Liz!
We had a group of 10 people for lunch and Anabel was fantastic! Smooth service and correct orders. Thank you! 
For høj musik, man kan nærmest ikke høre hvad tjeneren siger. Bestilte en sandwich, men det kom som en burger. Uinteressant mad, men betjeningen var fin.
The food was amazing and shakes were so good! Presentation of food and restaurant was awesome. The food portions were also big! Our waitress went above and beyond. She was so attentive and had such a great attitude. Role model waitress! The supervisor also so happened to be here during our visit and he too was very attentive of the restaurant and his servers. Great place! 
Superleuk restaurant om gezellig te zitten en heerlijk te eten. De burgers zijn stuk voor stuk echt lekker en de bediening is top. Stephanie was onze gastvrouw en ontzettend aardig. Aanrader!
We had made a note to visit Bills before our trip after reading other recommendations on Facebook and it certainly did not disappoint. We called after our trip to Liberty and Ellis island as it’s about a 10 minute walk. Our server Stephanie with a ph like the German lady sat behind us made excellent recommendations which were ordered and presented in good time. Food was great and the portions were huge too. Highly recommended
Great food, and even better service. Rose is a winner! Attentive, friendly, and took care of our every need. We will definitely be coming back and asking for Rose!
This spot was great for a casual breakfast. staff was great... Accommodating. Friendly and helpful. George was our waiter and was great. Made the while breakfast that much better.
Perfect Burger, perfect Shake, perfect ambience and excellent service, especially Elijah. He was very attentive, friendly and costumer focused. He made the evening something special. Thank you, Elijah.
Stephanie is definitely a TOP waitress! Kind, funny, helpful and a good advisor about what to choose from the menu. The food was delicious but Stephanie made our day!
Came in with a buddy of mine, we usually go to their west side bar to enjoy a couple drinks and the live music but because it was closed we went to their main bar. Drinks were just as good not to mention their friendly service! Daniella the waitress was super attentive, sweet girl always serving us with a smile!
I really enjoy the food. Janice service was really proffesional. She was really friendly and helpfull with food recomendations. 
The place is in a great location. We were greeted by very friendly staff and shown to our table. Food was great and server Janice was friendly and very hospitable.A pleasant experience overall :) definitely recommend! 
I had the best time at Bill’s Bar & Burger. The food was incredible and my servant Stephanie was really kind and very willing to help with all the questions I possibly had. She always had a smile on her face which made my whole dinner experience so great. I can fully recommend going there for dinner or even breakfast, particularly if you stay in the hotel. 
I came to NY for whole week. Bill's Bar and Burger was the first place I dined after the flight. It was busy Saturday evening, but me and 2 of my friends were given a table quickly. I had the Fat Cat burger with some onion rings on side. The food was good and filling. Great staff, the new waitress speaking with Mexican accent was very nice and helpful. Thank you for the service and food. From all the restaurants in NYC we had chance to eat burgers is, this one was my favourite.
Bill's has the feel of a New York City burger joint - busy and a lot of activity. Very popular! This is not a quiet spot for intimate conversation. But the food was terrific and the service was prompt. The milkshake alone would have made the whole experience worthwhile.
Didn't see this was part of Marriott Hotel until after we dined. Not sure whether this explained the steep price or whether this was standard for all Bills in NYC. We ended up here after the 9/11 memorial not having grabbed breakfast beforehand.My food (omelette etc) and kids ( blueberry pancakes) were tasty. Husband felt they had managed to mess up simple granola, yoghurt and honey though!Overwhelming impression was the rubbish, grumpy service. This was our 13th day of 14 in the US consistently throughout our trip in Boston, Cape Cod and NYC we had received speedy service wherever we went. Not here. We waited ages to order, and for the food to be delivered. The waitress was really surly and short with us. She brought orange juice over in a plastic jug for the four of us, only to fill 2/3 of my husband and kids glasses. She said "oh I thought that would do all of you". She then came back and said they were all out of orange juice. I pointed out we wouldn't be paying for x4 glasses @$4.50 she shrugged and went away. A few minutes later she took (to a nearby table) a single, whole glass of orange! She obviously thought we couldnt see or were stupid. My husband then asked whether she would be filling our glasses with orange, she grumpily told home she would have to go downstairs to get some. Eventually we got it, but very grudgingly. My husband asked for milk with his tea when he ordered, then asked her twice again plus once to another guy before it finally arrived.The next table to us were querying their bill. The table after that we're really unhappy.I hope people see this as a review and it is easier to see on trip advisor, there only appears one other and it was hard to pick this up on the search.Overall expensive for breakfast and poor service.
We had a an excellent takeaway for six people from this restaurant serving quality old style Italian food. The veggies were excellent and the pasta sublime. Everything arrived in environmentally friendly boxes, simple cuisine with no over spicing. Very accommodating for fussy taste buds
I was really happy with my experience last night at Piccola Cucina. My salad was terrific, as were the bread and accompanying oil. I took a flyer and ordered pasta with calamari and black squid sauce, after asking the waiter's opinion of the dish, which he endorsed. I was expecting the black sauce to be thin, sort of like a charcoal-colored version of the white wine/butter sauce that typically comes with linguine and clams. In reality, it was really dark and thick. While it appeared to be a great execution of the dish, I just didn't like it. After eating about a quarter of it, I asked for the check, figuring "you win some, you lose some" -- no big deal. The waiter seemed to feel sincerely bad and offered another dish on the house. When I declined, the manager (Ivan) came over and said he felt really bad and would like me to pick something else or, failing that, there'd be no charge for the squid. I asked for just a half portion of an eggplant-ricotta pasta dish, which was great. Then they gave me a bill for only the half portion of the veggie pasta, with no charge for the more expensive squid dish -- even though the restaurant had done nothing wrong. I've most often had not great service when I eat alone on business travel (middle-aged woman). These guys seemed to truly care and treated me like a priority.
The food was delicious. I am vegan and I like how accommodating my server, Elideth, was. She was really nice. 
This place has many different options for everyone. The wine list is great as well as some vegan options. The pasta was the best part.
I don't know how they do it! A tiny Italian restaurant nestled in the heart of SoHo. We had an excellent lunch special ($11 entrees) to get ready for shopping. We had a reservation, might be a wait if you don't. The food was excellent with generous portions and vegetarian friendly.
Booked this restaurant as it was high on Tripadvisor. We booked online and I called to see if they had a later table which they did. When we arrived the place which is super tiny was jammed packed even the tiny porch to wait in and it was rainng heavy which was a pain. We eventually got in and felt bad standing waiting for people to finish. We had to wait 25 mins for our table to be free. The staff were all lovely. The food was very nice but the choice was not a lot. 2 of us are vegetarian and there was only one vegetarian choice for main course. The portions are huge though.
We had dinner here on our last night in NY. Very small place with seating a bit tight. There are 2 tiny tables outside which actually reminded me of how Italian restaurants are set up in Italy. The bathroom is miniscule. The wine list was unfamiliar to me as they were all Italian wines but the regions they hailed from made it easier to decipher what they would be like. We had the lobster linguini - very good and they were kind enough to split it into 2 adorable little pans. The insalata mista was fresh and they give you the oil and vinegar to make your own dressing. For dessert, the creme brûlée with berry sauce was great. I usually eat vegetarian and will have seafood occasionally. This was one of those occasions because everything had meat or seafood except one dish -pasta alla norma. The pasta was a bit pricey but everything else I felt was in line with most restaurants. This is a nice choice for a small more intimate dinner with friendly service, a nice atmosphere and good food.
I picked this place after reading great reviews. I am quite surprised how many people reviewed this as authentic Italian. Essentially as a European this is not what I would have called authentic Italian! Really heavily sea food based, probably not great if you are vegetarian although there was one option on the menu. Pasta was very stodgy, the texture was not to my palette. Felt this restaurant tried too hard but hasn’t quite got it right. Pasta served in a saucepan, bit odd. Wine was excellent and dessert was lovely. Probably would not recommend to anyone who is looking for something authentic.
For the value, this IS one of the top Italian restaurants in NYC. It is small (30 seats) which means you MUST get a reservation. The language heard most in the restaurant was Italian - a great sign for a great meal. And a great meal was had. So many vegetarian options for me. Pasta so fresh! Service a delight. And a limited but very wonderful selection of Italian wines. If you crave an GREAT food meal, come here.
This all-Italian team produced the most fabulous home-made pasta and grilled seafood. Delicious Mediterranean sauces and many options: a la carte and specials. Loads of vegetarian options and they also created a dish on demand since we have one fussy eater - they created the sauce with exactly the ingredients we requested. English is not their forte, but they are so enthusiastic and friendly that you find your way to an understanding on everything. I'd go back a hundred times - there is nothing like fantastic freshly cooked Italian food! Decent wine list: the Gavi was delicious.
3 of us visited, one of whom was a vegetarian. The vegetarian menu selections are few but they offered accommodation of most choices. The homemade pastas were terrific-done to perfection with great sauces (we all had different ones). The restaurant was open to the street and there was no a/c. Tables are crowded in to the tiny space with no wiggle room. The music was too loud and of the old variety like Rosemary Clooney singing Mambo Italiano. Hard to hear your dinner companions without shouting. Food is served in the cooking pan they cook it in. (no plate!). Great wine selection, but no alcohol license so forget a cocktail! Pluses and minuses. 
a very nice and cozy place with a friendly and authentic chef. nicely decorated, only about 25 seats available and very nice, homemade italian food. the chef was also very friendly and open when we asked for a vegetarian option that was not on the menu. defenitely worth a visit and highly recommendable.
Great Food and great service, grazie mille Iacobo! Gluten-free Pasta alla Norma and Pasta with Sardines and a glass of Chianti were a good break from shopping
This was a great NYC Italian restaurant experience! Check to see if you need reservations, we did even on a Monday evening for an early seating of 4 (early being 6:30 pm). The place is packed and stays packed with one table turning over to another because it is that good. I've been gluten free for over 13 years and was delighted to find that several of their menu items were offered as GF (not sure if there's no cross contamination-- I'm not celiac). It's cozy, meaning it's a full, tightly seated restaurant. Worth it! Worth every bit. Great service, good fine, good wines, good people!
Visited here with my wife and teenage boys while on holiday. Very busy and cramped small restaurant but great pasta dishes, very good service and best wine list we came across while in NY in terms of choice and value.I am coeliac and gluten free pasta was very good. Also in a great location.Favourite lunch spot we visited during our week long stay. 
My family and I were highly recommended to eat at this restaurant. My daughter in law had a severe reaction to the food ( she is gluten intolerant ). DESPITE us being very clear to the waiter whilst ordering. She was in a great deal of pain ( and hadn't eaten for some time before, so could only have been at this restaurant). Our evening was called short!I e mailed & someone rang back and asked for my bank details to refund some money ...they also said they would call me back again - they didn't do either. Gluten free is not a fad - it creates a great deal of pain . I am angry at the flippant attitude regarding this - and no recompense ( of which I would have given the money to my daughter in law, as she is the one who suffered the pain!!!) Don't eat here!! 
Very tiny place which has also a sister restaurant just one block away same name just on Prince Street. Daily fresh dishes, lunch is a great deal for 11$ and the staff is great, friendly and attentive.Good wine selection and many dishes to choose, Gluten Free Pasta and other dishes are available as well. A Favorite in NY, simple, honest, fresh and great taste.Great wine selection and reasonable priced, outdoor seating available (seasonal).
It's a tiny restaurant with even tinier tables - but it was sooo good that you forget everything around you. I felt in love with my pasta. I had a quite simple one with eggplant/tomato sauce and what impressed me most: the pasta was homemade. I have a dairy problem and the service team was helpful and changed the dish so I could eat it. My first choice to eat when I'm back to NY.
It's such a cutie restaurant but I would not go back. The waiters are kind but don't speak English beyond a few words which is a problem when I state that I need to stay away from dairy but they suggest a cheesy dish. Bless them. I had the basil pesto pasta with shrimp "coco" something...and it was much too salty for me...I ate only half and then I seem to have offended the waitress by not eating it all. The mixed salad starter is huge...thanks oddness my friend split it and at that we didn't eat it all.The cannoli for dessert were tasty looking. 
Excellent Calamari and fried octopus. Great ambiance and beautiful place. Very friendly service. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Very very clean toilets.
Staff was great, clean place and they were fast.Menu could be more interesting still with lots of options
This was hands down the worst dining experience of my life. Do yourself a favor and dine elsewhere. I read the reviews prior to booking so I was aware that this was a loud restaurant and wait times were an issue - these concerns were understated! We had a reservation. After waiting awhile, we were seated. After waiting some more, we told the wait staff we were ready to order. Then, our waiter, Timur, who was serving us wine was interrupted by a group of his friends at the door. He stopped serving us to greet them and showed them to their table which was right next to us. His friends were obnoxious. They were screaming at the top their lungs, banging dishes, glasses, et cetera, and clapping as if they were at a rock concert. I have never experienced anything like this. If we were at a club, cool, but this is a restaurant. It is the owner's responsibility to create a welcoming and enjoyable experience for all patrons. Did they do that??? NO! They were drinking in the kitchen with these people! In case you couldn't guess, the service was mediocre. I had to ask multiple times for water on a day where the temperature was near 100 and the AC was barely working (if at all). Finally, the food... I gave them 1 star because that is the least trip advisor allows you to give and the octopus starter and the wine were good. The pasta was over salted. Both my husband and I didn't finish our dinner - this is saying a lot because my husband always clears his plate. As I said in the beginning, do yourself a favor and dine elsewhere!
This is a true Italian experience (sorry but you will not find chicken parmesan or fettuccine Alfredo here...) Located in one of the trendiest neighborhood of the city. The Osteria is tiny, you will squeeze a bit with you table, but the atmosphere, the food and the service are top notch. You can see how they are coordinated, almost dancing around the little kitchen (open view = clean space) and then presentation is key in small padelle as from the Italian tradition. Ravioli were superb and fusilli to die for. Beware portions are generous so save a little space for desserts! Wonderful place! Well done to the owner and the staff, this is true Italian cusine!
Last week I've been in this restaurant with my friends. The food was excellent, the restaurant was very clean and the waiters were friendly and gentle. Everything was perfect. I'm sure to go back again and I suggest everybody to go and to taste the real Italian food in New York.
By FAR the most incredible Italian food I have ever tasted in my life (and I’ve been to Italy before... twice) had the maccheroni dish for the lunch special (all pastas $11) and came back again today for more because we couldn’t get enough. Also took 2 orders of it to go and 2 orders of the dank ravioli. The cannolis were also amazing and we thoroughly licked the plate clean. My taste buds and standards for Italian food are forever changed bc of this place 
We had the tastiest green tagliatelle with ragu and truffle just before getting on our flight. Food was fantastic and clean! (They have a lunch time deal for $11)Highly recommend visiting here if you want a good bowl of hearty pasta. Simple yet delicious meal.Must also try the chocolate cake and orange 
Very good pasta, very good service. Clean and prompt service. The space is limited but it adds to the cosy feeling you get.The service girl from Hungary was very friendly and attentive.
As we were in soho we thought we would seek this place out after reading great trip advisor reviews.We were seated immediately at lunch time & had great authentic ravioli, it really was lovely.The service was great, we couldn't expect more.The only one thing that may of put me off had I not already read the reviews is they really need new clean menus. Not a big deal when a lovely meal was had. 
The restaurant is very popular and attracts local and visitors as well. The reasons is the built reputation of authentic Italian with a twist. We wanted to try being recommended by a friend. Overall a nice experience but, not really an authentic Italian. The best way to test such restaurants is usually the pasta dishes. An Italian pasta is recognized by the simple yet delicate taste. Every time you have a pasta floating in some sort of cheese sauce you know that is not real. In any case, the appetizers are fine. Overall overprized.
We booked this restaurant for our first meal after arriving for a week in NYC. First of all the welcome is genuine, relaxed and honest. You sit in the street, weather permitting soaking up all of what is passing you by in a lovely neighbourhood. The food is amazing, the Arancini was divine and the Wild boar pasta was the best I have ever tasted. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a real slice of Italy in New York.
Our hotel had recommended this restaurant as soon as we arrived to New York from Canada. The food was AMAZING! The service- exceptional! I suggest that you experience the "Little Italy" of New York!Dexter Anderson & Paula Ellis
fantastic service, fantastic food dishes menu options my go to local stop when in new york branzino fish is really good and grilled octopus cozy atmosphere
Great food, impeccable service. Perfect local authentic Italian menu items. They hit it out if the park!
Great service and interesting menu. I had a ravioli dish and could have licked the plate if it hadn’t been for being tacky and impolite! The wine list was great. So many clientele spoke Spanish or Italian, we felt we were in a local European restaurant!
Great time for a true local experience. Super small restaurant but the food is literally amazing and worth a visit. Reservations needed though. 
One of my fav weekly spots in the City. I always come for the burrata, Maccheroni al Ferretto alla Norma con Ricotta Salata & a cannoli. The staff, the food & the wine are always a hit! And don’t forget to save room for the cannolis! A local gem of SOHO!
This has been one of our family's go-to places for the last several years. The food has always been excellent and the service--if not perfect--at least attentive and interesting--definitely good enough to make up for the crowded setting. It's slowly transformed from a place, however, where the majority of the tables were either locals or Italians to a tourist destination. A year ago, I would have given it 5 stars but today, only 3. There's obviously a reason. Last night, we sat with (yes--WITH, as we had tables 6 inches on either side of us) 2 tourists from Japan and 4 from the UK. We had a grigliata mista and polpo, which were both excellent and linguine all'astice, which is usually excellent, but was a bit over cooked this time. What was really disappointing, and killed the night for me, was that as we were finishing up, the table of 2 next to us left and the staff combined that table with another 2. As we were expecting the dessert menu, the waiter instead dropped the check on the table. At the same time, he gave the table of 4 on our other side dessert menus. A quick look at the entrance confirmed my suspicion--there was a party of 6 waiting to be seated and they wanted our 2 seats to add to the 4 next to us. That absolutely sucks! Not being a complainer and wanting to go somewhere with working a/c anyway, I paid the check and we went somewhere else for coffee. Maybe not a bad thing in the grand scheme of things because it'll give us a chance to try some other places for a while. It was REALLY disappointing, though because for so long, this has been such a great place. Not saying we won’t go back again, but not for a while. 
Wife loved it, I thought it a bit pretentious.. From other reviews it seems clear that if you are a Pasta lover and local to this restaurant then you must go. Small restaurant so probably always packed therefore you perhaps need to book ahead since there were customer waiting outside for tables to come free.. Perhaps my selection of dish didn't do either myself or the restaurant justice. I had a bowl of pasta that was supposed to reflect or include Lamb.. I only found some bits of what I would describe as mince in the meal and it cost about $20. But as I said at the start my wife enjoyed her meal. Overall it would appear to be very popular, great ambience enhanced with the bustle of the guests and tightness of the tables. Service was faultless and the selection of beverages was excellent with wines to match your pasta selection.
Four of us came here for dinner on a work trip to New York. I chose it because it is the number one rated restaurant on TripAdvisor. Having done so, I worried that the reviews had been affected by Bots. Whether that's the case or not, the restaurant was fantastic. It's not fine dining, but what it is, is a local, tiny, atmospheric Sicilian restaurant with a relaxed feel, great staff and very tasty food.Go here - you won't be disappointed.
Don’t be fooled by the small size of the restaurant, it is intimate but plays old school 90s and 2000s music (on a Monday night at least) so it has a great vibe. Ate alone because traveling solo, but felt super comfortable and the waiters were very friendly and provided great service. I had the octopus caprese and the green tagliatelle - both amazing! Make sure you stop by whether you’re a local or a tourist 
Wow, this was a real find, a cosy local restaurant serving delicious Italian food in a wonderful environment, the perfect venue for celebrating our son's birthday.We had the calamari and arancini as starters, both totally appetizing, followed by tagliatelle and wild boar ragu, meatballs, lobster linguine and fusilloni with scampi, again all mouthwateringly delicious. We were unable to fit in dessert but again they looked wonderful (try to save some space).It is clear the staff love working here, they created an authentic lively atmosphere (the music may be a little loud for some), singing happy birthday with spoon rattling and loud singing from every member of staff and they got the whole restaurant buzzing. Thank you, shame we can't pop here regularly but would definitely come again next time we are in New York.
The space is small with only a couple of dozen plus seats so you will be sitting in close quarters. The kitchen is tight with every bit of space utilized but somehow the kitchen and wait staff move in a seemingly magical rhythm that results in excellent food and service. The house made pasta is top notch and locally made bread has just the right crunch and chew. The salad was excellent as well. Due to the limitations on size and seating if you need to get in and out in a specified time would suggest you opt for an early seating. A wonderful meal experience. Highly recommended.
Food was absolutely amazing. The staff and waiters were awesome! Great service and amazing experience. This is a must if you’re visiting NYC or a local
Location molto bella, una piccola Italia dentro Manhattan. Piatti buonissimi, camerieri super gentili, in particolare Linda, molto professionale e allo stesso tempo molto simpatica. Lo consiglio vivamente. 
Capodanno a New York e abbiamo deciso di mangiare italiano, anzi Siciliano! Ragazzi fantastici, piatti che ricordano la cucina delle nostre nonne in Sicilia, se andate a New York vi consiglio piccola cucina come tappa obbligatoria, bravi ragazzi continuate così!
lasciate perdere little italy…soho piccola cucina. ogni volta che passo a new york. qualita’ nei piatti e gentilezza. da provare e riprovare!
Ottimo ristorante, buonissimo cibo, personale gentilissimo e disponibile mi sono sentita a casa! Spero di tornare presto!
Cena perfetta. Siamo stati qua 4 volte nelle ultime due settimane. Personale super gentile. Location romantica e accogliente. Consigliatissimo!
Locale accogliente, personale gentile e disponibile. Cibo di qualità, piatti gustosi e ricercati. Consigliatissimo!!!
Wow! The service and the food at this place is wonderful! They took really good care of my husband and me. The menu has excellent choices and the waiters give great suggestions. We shared the ravioli and Milanese chicken. Definitely recommend!
Esperienza fantastica, piatti davvero deliziosi che rispecchiano la cucina italiana, prima volta a New York, piccola cucina nella mia lista da tempo e mi ha davvero sorpreso, personale italiano e cucina che rispecchia a pieno l’Italia.
Sebastian and Teodoro were great servers , excellent customer service . This place exceeds expectations.. and we have been here several times 
Tesoro and Sebastián were great servers and made the night very enjoyable . Would come back again soon!!
Had a fabulous dinner on NYE. Food was delicious and the music and vibes were immaculate! Anna was a fabulous server 10/10!
Ottimo ristorante, ragazzi italiani e cibo autentico, come sentirsi a casa. Tiramisù fatto al tavolo incredibile.
Me and my family arrived to this restaurant for dinner and the first thing we thought was…This place is tiny. Only to enter we had to bump into a large amount of people to reach our table. The food was very good indeed, specially the lasagna and the cacio e pepe, whose prices were reflected on it’s quality. The service was amazing, all the waiters were nice and bilingual and very attentive. Also the woman who greeted you on the entrance, the owner or so it seems, who hugged us all goodbye and had a quite effervescent personality.
Servizio ottimo, qualità ottima, Gabriele ha reso la serata fantastica, vi consiglio di provare piccola cucina.
Ristorante che rispecchia a pieno la cucina italiana.Merita una visita se si e a New York Alfio e Gabriele fantastici!!
Fabulous, freshly cooked Italian food. Attentive service. Beautiful, small, inside dining, air conditioner. Larger outside dining area. Would definitely recommend. 
Lovely place. Super service. Cesar salad was so fresh. Calimari is full of suprises. Delicious. Pasta was lovely and unbelievable. If you are in Soho, you should / must come and ecperience. Wondeful.
What a fun night - efficiency plus with charming informative waiters., A menu so fresh so enjoyable - and finishing with the Tiramisu made by your table - come 'n enjoy! Sit inside if u can .... a great vibe! 
Amazing pasta! So fresh. Loved the fiore di zucca, bruschetta, cacio e pepe and tagliatelle with ragu. This is one of my favorite spots in NYC! Wonderful service and vibe too. 
My son and I had dinner during a recent trip to NY and it was one of the best pasta dishes I ever had. The service was very friendly and all the food was so fresh. I couldn’t believe that they produced such wondeful food in such a tiny kitchen. This is an absolute must go to. 
Last night I had dinner at the Osteria with my son. We ordered a Caesar salad which was pretty good and a pasta (prawn, burrata and tomato). We were served in less than ten minutes after ordering and so were the 4 tables around us. This was very surprising and already a bit suspicious that the food was not freshly cooked. And sure enough the pasta was pre-cooked and microwaved. The one prawn was so old that it was dry and uneatable. The pasta was hard and the sauce seemed to be the same for every pasta dish around us. Very disappointing. I read another review about how all they focus on is turning tables and that seemed to be the case. They try to squeeze as many people as possible in a very small space. The tables are so small that you could not fit two normal plates, let alone the food, bread, water and drinks. So upsetting that I did not get to enjoy a nice dinner with my son. Will definitely never eat there again.
My friend and I are unsure as to why there are so many great reviews and we think that the restaurant is well rated because it’s expensive and people fool their taste buds into thinking this place actually serves yummy food. We do appreciate the prosciutto as it was very fresh, and the drinks were good. Unfortunately the food lacked in many categories. The dessert was no better. Plus it is very expensive given what the food tastes like. The employees were extremely kind and very attentive. The pictures is of tiramisu which unfortunately tasted like cardboard soaked in coffee.
This restaurant it’s and its staff are so lovely. They are always friendly and warm. The food is delicious and everything it’s always fresh.You can’t go wrong with Piccola cucina!
had dinner with 4 here, and excellent experience, fully living up to its high reputation.Owner Alvio and staff were very welcoming, despite very busy and small place through our reservation. Inside just 8 tables, so reserve early.we shared great grilled calamare leg and burrata salad as appetizers, very good and tasty. as main courses the wild boar and truffle pasta was outstanding as well as thepasta in black squid ink and calamare, both under $ 25.00 , excellent value and very flavorful. The wine list is great with good value wines as well as higher end selection. as dessert we choose freshly table side made tiramisu, a must try for everyone.ambiance, food quality, service and pricing all spot on, indeed they deserve to have this top spot in NYC, cant get any better in my view.
Ambiance , staff and food 10/10 from beginning to end. The fresh Tiramisu prepared at your table was a special touch. I can’t remember the last time I was treated so well at a restaurant in NYC.
A classic stop for every kind of occasion. Best Pasta in NYC, fresh Italian food, amazing service, friendly atmosphere. What else?
I didn’t want to stop eating! The ambiance and menu is great, our attentive waiter was from Rome which added to the authenticity, and the food was scrumptious! Highly recommend the Ossobuco ravioli, the tiramisu and cannolis. Fish is super fresh too!
Both the service and food has improved considerably since I last visited Piccola Cucina Osteria in June 2019. The wait staff was friendly, attentive, and helpful, and the food fresh and delicious. Our dinner was an all around excellent experience and it’s easy to see why reviewers have made this one of the top restaurants in the city (certainly the best Italian I’ve had in New York). PS: save room for dessert, the chocolate torte with orange is superb.
Loud, lively and delicious. Everyone who works here is Italian, from Italy! Loved it! The wine, food and atmosphere was so fun. We enjoyed the fresh made pasta but the best was the Cannoli. Leave room for dessert!The music is not Italian, it’s fun and unique not what you expect , it makes it a night to remember.
Intimate family run restaurant with delicious southern Italian cuisine. Fish and seafood dishes were perfectly prepared and very fresh. As there are only a few tables, you may need to book fairly far in advance, especially on weekends. Not ideal if you have small children or don’t like crowded spaces—tables are very close together.
Excelente servicio!!! Mi mujer y yo pasamos un excelente día todos son un encanto, gracias por hacernos pasar una gran noche.
Food and service was 10/10. Reasonably priced and good sized portions. Staff was exceptional and gave us great recommendations. 
meglio che in italia porzioni abbondanti e musica fresca il miglior italiano di new york in assoluto
The best tiramisu in NYC! Anna was a delightful server. The food was delicious, good portions and fast service.
Tagliatelle was amazing here!! I would highly recommend for people craving italian food around the city
Lovely place. Super service. Cesar salad was so fresh. Calimari is full of suprises. Delicious. Pasta was lovely and unbelievable. If you are in Soho, you should / must come and ecperience. Wondeful.
My Mrs found this place from reviews and decided to give it a shot. Made a reservation a couple days before and was able to get a table for lunch. Food was amazing and some of the best pasta I have tried in NYC. Highly recommend the squid ink and black truffle pasta. 
Per tutti gli italiani che passano da NYC Se potessi, metterei 10 stelle su 5! Mattia il cameriere che ci ha servito è super professionale, educato, cortese, gentile (qualità mai date per scontato) e c ha reso il pranzo troppo piacevole! Qualità del cibo spaziale, sembrava di stare in Italia!Ogni volta che sarò a NYC passerò da qui! Voto 10 e lode Italian do it better
Perfect italian lunch. Every dish was prepared to perfection. The agnolotti and the gnocchi were especially delicious. Highly recommend it. 
Our favorite restaurant in NY. The absolute best Italian we have had in the city❤️. We travel to NY twice a year and make sure to visit. The staff is exceptionally professional and personable. Such a wonderful experience.
Great spot - the wild boar ragu was 10/10!!! Chicken milanese was delicious. Don’t skip out on dessert here. 
We had an awesome dinner celebrating my sister’s birthday! The food was flavorful and the staff was friendly. Thanks to Danilo for the great service! 
Davvero buonissimo.Il cibo é quello della cucina italiana e rispetta la tradizione.Ragazzi molto disponibiliConsiglio a tutti gli italiani e non.Miglior piatto sono le tagliatelle
Ottimo posto, il primo che si può definire con caratteristiche italiane 😉 Da provare, con amici, famiglia o anche da solo… i camerieri sono simpaticissimi
Buonissimo 😋😋.Le tagliatelle erano ottime. I ragazzi sono unici. Veramente simpatici.Consigliatissimo 
Piatti squisiti. Siamo andati il girono di Natale e il servizio è stato velocissimo. Consiglio i ravioli con ricotta e spinaci.I ragazzi sono simpaticissimi e disponibili
The restaurant may be small but the service and the food are incredible. We had Christmas lunch - with no booking and had the most amazing pasta and tiramisu. The chef is a wonderful, however the staff make this experience incredibly friendly and wonderful. Linda and Sebastian were the most perfect hosts for us!! Thank you!! Xx
Amazing food, cozi place and friendly staff.Good place to visit em New York.If you’re looking for a authentic Italian food this is the right place.
Amazing! Best tiramisu we’ve ever had! Delightful staff. Only thing that could improve is waiting time for table… but I think that’s mainly due to its popularity. 
Came here for lunch - the food was great and our waiter Sebastian was amazing !! Would definitely come back 
Spiacevole delusione, siamo stati in questo posto nel 2018, all’epoca abbiamo trovato un accogliente ristorante con l’impronta italiana, fatto di una cucina semplice ma espressa, con un chiaro tocco italiano, oggi nel 2023 a distanza di cinque anni abbiamo provato a ripetere l’esperienza, ma non abbiamo trovato più l’stesso stesso tocco, di italiano era rimasto ben poco, piatti fatti in maniera maniera approssimativa, nulla di italiano, molto burro quasi tutte le portate, l’atmosfera era molto più latino americana con una cucina americana che provava a replicare piatti Italiani, sulla dispensa prodotti low cost, polenta espressa ect…sono cambiati solo i prezzi che nel mentre sono aumentati del 30%. Troppo personale per la grandezza del ristorante, tra l’altro impacciato e troppo invadente, in un locale così piccolo stile trattoria è inutile passare a versare l’acqua ogni minuto, si dà più fastidio che altro. n
Fusilloni dish is amazing! Great vibes and the tiramisu is a must have for desert . Will definitely come back
A small restaurant but absolutely the best Italian you will find. Delicious food, attentive staff. The first restaurant I booked when coming to NYC.
Bellissima cena romantica nel cuore di New York, servizio eccellente cucina autentica. Ci torneremo sicuramente!!!!
Best pasta!!!! Outstanding service from our server Sebastian! Very fast and attentive to detail!!! Always a treat going back!
Sebastian is the best!! He is very friendly and a reason to come to this place. He tries his best to make you satisfied!
Such an authentic Italian flavors. Fantastic experience. Top notch hospitality and prompt service. 
It was a great dinner, although we were seated at a small table on the sidewalk. The food was balanced, that means good quality, portion size and price. Elideth's attention was wonderful and she paid attention to every detail making sure we enjoyed the experience.I recommend to make a reservation.
This restaurant is wonderful ! Great ambience and great service ! And the food was 100%. Highly recommend! Nice cozy spot in Soho !
Cute cosy restaurant with beautiful beautiful food. Steven and Sebastian were the best servers. Everything tasted amazing, would recommend to anyone visiting New York but make sure you book! 
Madame Monsieur,Pour tous les français en vacances ou d’ici.Restaurant très bon avec un service impeccable.J’ai pris des pâtes à la truffes avec un dosage excellent de truffe sans trop de sel ou un goût trop prononcé en bouche. Un spritz bon qui faisait suffisamment l’affaire. En dessert du jour une Pannacota avec des fruit rouge qui était pas trop sucré.
Sadly we were very disappointed with our experience here. The food and wine were nice but massively overpriced. It’s a nice cosy restaurant but it felt like we were being force fed our dinner and drinks to get us out the door for the next customers. We spent the best part of £200 in less than 1.5hrs and the whole experience was chaotic and stressful.
Ottimo ristorante italiano, vero! Davvero buono. Sembra di essere in Italia. Ottimi piatti, prodotti di qualità, bellissima atmosfera, personale accogliente e disponibile. Assolutamente consigliato!
It was very good and service was great. Best tiramisu i have ever gotten, and the pasta was amazing 
Outstanding lunch. Jacob was fantastic and can't recommend this place enough. He and staff went over and above with food and service. We will definitely be back. 
This is the best Italian food you can get in New York!!!!! With the best team Jacopo Gabriele and Davide, Grazie Mille!!!!
We had a PHENOMENAL dinner here Saturday night. Everything was perfection, from the food to the service to the cozy ambiance. We will definitely be back!
I couldn't give even a 1 to this restaurant, so small that you can’t even move. Poor quality for a very expensive restaurant. An insult to de wonderful Sicilian/Italian food…
Grazie mille! It was very very good! We are regulars here. I had the alla norma and cacio e pepe and it’s always fantastic. 
Theoolore Riuero make a fantastic tiramisu, I like it， I will like to try it again next time when I visit NY again
Fantastisk mat, New Yorks bästa Italienska restaurang. Otroliga smakupplevelser, fantastisk personal. Oerhört mysigt. Missa inte denna fina restaurang i Soho.
What a fun night - efficiency plus with charming informative waiters., A menu so fresh so enjoyable - and finishing with the Tiramisu made by your table - come 'n enjoy! Sit inside if u can .... a great vibe! 
Came here after the recommendation from a friend for my first time visiting the city. Can’t say enough great things — I will definitely be back. It’s cozy, authentic, and the nicest staff! 
Top notch food. Great quaint location with a great team as well. 10/10 would recommend. Didn’t need 100 words to describe this though
Alla testa di numerosi locali di successo, lo chef originario di Catania ci ha deliziato e coccolato facendoci sentire in una piazza catanese con la vista dei grattacieli di New York. Il fil rouge che accomuna tutti i ristoranti è una cucina fedele alle origini del suo patron, che propone piatti tipici della tradizione siciliana, talvolta rivisitati in chiave moderna e creativa, con l’obiettivo di divulgare la cucina siciliana, strizzando l'occhio al gusto contemporaneo dell'avventore newyorkese e il turista internazionale. Dalla classica caponata, agli arancini passando per i crudi di pesce (freschissimo) i primi di incredibile fattura e i dolci tipici. Con un tiramisu espresso, preparato al tavolo e un personale attento al dettaglio e sempre sorridente. W l'Italia, grazie Piccola Cucina!
Great ambiance! Synthia was a great server! Highly recommend the tomato bruschetta, and canolies for dessert!
The atmosphere was great and the food was even better! Have to order the cannoli’s! I love the small restaurant size, reminds me of Italian restaurant in Rome.
Top-notch service. Every dish was so unique with absolute brilliant flavors. From one Sicilian to the next absolutely come here!
Sono stata questa sera a cena con il mio ragazzo, ho preso gnocchi stracotto mentre lui gli agnollotti di agnello.Ci siamo saziati già con il primo poiché le porzioni erano oneste, lo chef Davide é il top, sicuramente non ve ne andrete dal ristorante ancora con la fame!Nonostante ci fossimo saziati con il primo nulla poteva frenarci nel prendere il dolce!Tiramisù preparato sul momento e cannoli siciliani fatti da loro con ottima ricotta fresca.Perfetto per staccare dai soliti fast food a New York e avvicinarsi ai piatti italiani!Menù ottimo e personale cordiale, non manca di attenzione!!Posso dire che mi son trovata benissimo.Oltretutto ottimo qualità prezzo.
Pasta scotta ma anche oltre, pesantissimo, nulla di italiano. Condimenti improponibili, allucinante abbia 4,5 stelle. I piatti sembrano tutti uguali, lasagna, ravioli, pasta alla norma . Tutti con gli stessi identici colori del condimento. Pessimo.
Hidden Gem of NYC Italian food.Seriously, everything is amazing...The crudo/tartare are immaculate, the pasta flavors are rich and delicious, the desserts are superb, even the bread with the sun dried tomato oil is impossible to put down.You can literally try anything on the menu, you won't regret it!
The food was exceptional, receiving a 10/10, and Cinizia, our waitress, provided beautiful service along with great suggestions
Cibo magnifico, posto accogliente è bellissima ospitalità. Cinzia è stata davvero magnifica e ha saputo consigliarci dei piatti buonissimi. Consigliatissimo!
Best italian restaurant in New York, the waitress and the chef are italians. The food is amazing and the desserts are perfect.
After on whole week looking for a place to eat well in NY, we finally found it. The whole night was a great experience, Cynthia gave us great choices of the menu, and all was fantastic. During the whole dinner, Cynthia, Giovanna, and Yagovo were great, always helping us out with the orders or just passing by yo know if everything was all right - and it was. I'm italo-brasiliani, and I really recommend go there, one of the best Italian food that I ever eat - including the one from my family. Ow..great expresso too
CINZIA IS THE BEST!! Service was INCREDIBLE and everything she suggested for us was DELICIOUS AND PERFECT — both food and wine 🤌the food is comforting and homey 😋 I wish I had a second stomach 
What a wonderful experience of true Italian hospitality, humour and (of course) beautiful and delicious food! From the excellent and authentically Italian wine list to the house made pastas, to the table-side constructed tiramisu - I am just so happy to have found Piccolo Cucina. I will definitely return with my wife and visit my new campari. Grazie Mille!
Cinzia was an excellent host and gave me great recommendations. The food and atmosphere were excellent! I will be back!
Great service! Amazing food!!I love this place! I will came again for sure!! The service was great!! Thank you Cinzia!!
Un insulto alla cucina italiana. Primi piatti vergognosi. Non sono riuscito ad arrivare a tre forchettate e sono stato comunque malissimo. Peggiore esperienza di New York, se siete italiani state alla larga. Colori di sugo e pasta indecenti.
This will be the most succinct and filled with superlative review I have written to date. Very efficient and very friendly staff. Excellent food at excellent price. Small but very cozy atmosphere without the cacophony of a busy restaurant. Highly recommended and definitely coming back!
Tried the Tagliatelle Verdi con Ragu di Cinghiale and it was very delicious. I had the special antipasti to start, artichoke with tuna and it was an enticing start. The artichoke made it better. Service was professional and efficient. Kudos to the staff and heart of the house. 
Service, food, and everything was so good! The place reminded me as of I was in Italy! ❤️ they were super fast and made great recommendations. They loved the kids and were kid friendly for family night!
Cozy, welcoming and attentive service. The staff is always trying to make you feel comfortable and satisfied with your experience. Everything in the menu is Delicious!
Lovely and tiny restaurant in Manhattan. Super busy and crowded but great atmosphere. The food is amazing and the hospitality is great.
Best food ever! So authentic and the restaurant has an amazing cozy vibe. The staff is impeccable and so friendly
Amazing location, food and excellent staff !! We always have an excellent time here! My daughter and I have been here multiple times!
Such a great meal! The pasta dishes were both incredible, and the cheesecake was amazing. Presentation and service were also unmatched. We loved our waiter, Sebastian! 
Wonderful wine !! Sauce pasta ufff delicious and server is so kind!The environment is perfect for share with friends, little space, you need reserve, excellent team, chefs
Appuntamento fisso tutte le volte che sono a NY. Ragazzi veloci e gentilissimi. Pasta fatta in casa pomodoro e basilico e una Milanese spettacolare. Anatra super!Vini eccellenti con preferenze sui siciliani.Bravi!
Se cercate un ristorante dove mangiare BENE italiano questo è il posto giusto. Tutto il personale è meraviglioso...una gentilezza che ti spiazza...un grazie particolare ad Antonella e Linda 🤗
They make the Tiramisu right at your table—- it’s incredible. You have to come and you have to ask for Theodore. The fusilli was heavenly! This is always a staple on my recommendation list to friends and family visiting NYC.
Amazing pasta! So fresh. Loved the fiore di zucca, bruschetta, cacio e pepe and tagliatelle with ragu. This is one of my favorite spots in NYC! Wonderful service and vibe too. 
Dopo consigli di amici siamo stati in questa piccola osteria molto carina e accogliente all’interno ! Il cibo davvero molto buono ! Come altrettanto è stato il servizio! Siamo stati serviti da Cinzia, che addirittura ci ha deliziato di un tiramisù fatto sul momento! 
Ein authentisches unfassbar leckeres Essen in New York City. Als Sizilianerin kann ich sagen, es schmeckt fast besser als bei Nonna. Der Service war unglaublich nett, professionell und aufmerksam. Hatten zudem eine super Weinberatung. Ein wahres Juwel und unbedingt ein Besuch, der eingeplant werden muss.
I really love pasta and calamari here! Staffs are really kind, too. However the space is a little bit small
Cercavamo un ristornate in zona Soho e abbiamo trovato questo locale italiano .. bella location, i primi ottimi.. per non parlare di Jacopo ragazzo romano che ci ha accolto e ci ha fatto sentire a casa, per finire vi ha preparato in tiramisù espresso .. ottimo !!! Grazie della bella accoglienza e del buon cibo !!
Really wonderful place. Food was delicious & servers were so attentive and kind! Perfect date night spot.
Super good dinning experience, cinzia was amazing, my first time dining experience was blessed by her professional service and hospitality, I love her so much!
Sooooo yummy and the service was so helpful and nice. Such a cute little spot in Tribeca, I highly recommend. 
Food and service were all excellent - Cynthia was an amazing and knowledgeable server!! Definitely coming back next time I’m in NYC. 
Cynthia was a pleasure! She made the experience at this restaurant even better. Gave us the best recommendations! The food was all amazing. 10/10
Great place for date nights and family gathering. Was a pleasure to be served by Synthia. Tiramisu is a must. Grazie!
Ita: “IL” ristorante italiano a New York. Location splendida, calda e curata nel dettaglio; cucina italiana siciliana davvero ottima che lascia percepire l’esperienza dello chef e fa fare un vero viaggio nei sapori italiani; personale attento, simpatico e accogliente. Senza dubbio ormai una tappa fissa a Manhattan. Eng: THE italian restaurant in NYC. Wonderful location, warm and full of nice details; the sicilian italian cooking is awsome and let you fell the chef big experience and make you dive deep in italian tastes; the team inside is welcoming, professional and very nice. For sure a checkpoint for every future Manhattan travels. 
Came for early dinner before a show. Waited until 5:05pm for a 4:45 reserv despite showing up early at 4:35. Food is ok; we are foodies from Sonoma so not greatly impressed. Very crowded; we sat at table next to door where you could reach out and not only touch someone but actually hug them too! Not a horrible experience but only average. 
Thank you Cynthia! We had the best service and food. Cynthia wore an awesome outfit, good energy, and great knowledge of the menu. Thank you! - Bella :)
A really lovely place in Soho. We ate arancini, lasagna and maccheroncini alla Norma…great!We loved Cinzia! 
Cynthia was so great! So kind and we will definitely be back, the pastas were great and worth the pricez
Booked a table for my birthday at this delightful dining spot, and it was a decision well made! Our server, Cinzia, truly stood out, turning our meal into a remarkable experience with her genuine warmth and attentiveness. She brought thoughtfulness to a new level, ensuring our celebration felt personal and joyous. The food was equally impressive, comforting yet with a flair that showcased the quality ingredients. Among the five locations, this one surely has a special place in our hearts. Five stars for a memorable evening and can't wait to revisit!
Fantastic, authentic Italian food in a cozy, friendly atmosphere. We had the bruschetta (amazing) and the fusilli with langoustine and a creamy blush sauce.
Primi molto gustosi e ben presentati, personale attento al cliente e preparazione in parte al tavolo.Ci torno volentieri e lo consiglio vivamente
Completely authentic Italian restaurant with lively atmosphere and unparalleled food. I will definitely return here often.
Amazing italian Food! Our favorit dish was the arancini,gnocchi and tiramisu! We had an amazing dinner! Thanks 
Best Italian restaurant,the tagliatelle Ragu are wonderfull,staff very friendly, we will come back soon 
Un angolo di puro Italian food e stile a new york. Ottimi piatti. Primi fantastici...vedi i fusilloni sono da 10 e lode. Servizio attento e cordiale. Valore aggiunto la ragazza all ingresso che scopro essere italiana e mia conterranea. Una tappa obbligatoria se sei a new york...🤩🤩🍾🍾
Best restaurant in NYC in my opinion,Arancibia and pasta allá norma are delicious!was an amazing experience in Piccola cocina 
Una esperienza unica,abbiamo provato molti ristoranti prima,ma senza dubbio piccola cucina è la migliore, personale attentissimo, cibo delizioso, atmosfera favolosa. Torneremo presto!
After eating at the other Piccola in Soho (Estiatorio), we wanted to try this one.We probably picked the wrong time for an early dinner, as a lot of the staff were caught up in a meeting where the owner / manager / chef was shouting at them and waving his arms around.We sat outside and he was very loud. I felt it was quite inappropriate as there were a number of customers there and I had to wait 20 minutes before I got my wine. For that reason the atmosphere was not so good which was a shame.Saying that, the food was very good. 
The food was delicious. I had the lasagna and would defenitely recomend. The service was great, Elide was very kind and friendly.
Come mangiare in Sicilia, cucina siciliana ben presentata dallo staff italiano sia di cucina che di sala, cena in famiglia andata a meraviglia, antipasti ottimi, arancino incredibile con un ragù di carne pazzesco! Per chi non ha ancora assaggiato un arancino a New York vi consiglio Piccola Cucina. Filetto di vitello molto buono servito dal personale sorridente e premuroso, come sentirsi a casa!Non è finita qui perché abbiamo mangiato un incredibile tiramisù preparato davanti ai nostri occhi.
Siamo stati a cena da Piccola Cucina Osteria, che dire, cena emozionante, personale molto cordiale, antipasti incredibili, involtini di carne, tacos con avocado e tonno crudo, polpo e calamari buonissimi.Pasta alle sarde squisita, bravi ragazzi!! un esempio di cucina siciliana a New York, continuate così.Consigliatissimo.
Avevamo voglia di cucina siciliana e così ci siamo fiondati a piccola cucina, scelta azzeccata, ci si sente a casa, personale molto alla mano, cibo di ottima qualità, prezzo moderato e porzioni abbondanti! Se avete voglia di cucina italiana dovete provare Piccola Cucina! Vi consiglio le lasagne della mamma Rosa :)
Siamo stati a cena da Piccola Cucina,(a mio parere il miglior ristorante italiano di Nyc) abbiamo iniziato con una focaccia di Recco squisita, per poi passare a vari antipasti tra cui l’arancino,(buono come in sicilia) il polpo, i calamari ripieni, crudo di pesce davvero di ottima qualità, prosciutto crudo di parma con un accostamento incredibile (servito con fichi e scaglie di grana); infine abbiamo preso dei primi piatti, tra cui lasagne al ragù di cinghiale nero, bucatini alla cacio e pepe e la lasagna della mamma rosa, che dire tutto incredibile, ragazzi in sala molto cortesi e simpatici.Se vi piace la cucina italiana dovete dare una possibilità a Piccola Cucina!!
One of the best pastas I have ever had. The food, ambient and service are all great. Cinzia was amazing, very attendant and helped us enjoy our dinner flawlessly.
Me and my wife love this place. Shout out to the amazing staff. Everyone was so friendly and attentive. The food is spectacular. Order the Tiramisu and you’ll get a nice show!
Ich habe noch nie in meinem Leben so toll Italienisch gegessen. Das essen war fantastisch, die Kellner waren super nett und freundlich und obwohl wir keine Reservation hatten, durften wir rein.Ich war mit meinem Vater dort.Liebe Grüße an das Team von dem Vater und dem Sohn aus Deutschland.
Excelente servicio, comida. El tiramisu está espectacular, te luciste Fernando!!!Gracias cinzia!!! La siguiente cuenta dijiste que era gratis!! Saludos desde Mexico!!!
Perfetto per una serata con amici...personale super disponibile...e cucina italiana impeccabile... porzioni molto abbondante
Abbiamo trovato questo ristorante per caso girando per Soho e siamo rimaste piacevolmente sorprese dalla qualità del cibo, veramente Italiano. Una menzione in particolare va al servizio, specialmente a Cinzia che ci ha fatte sentire come a casa. Se mai tornassimo qui un’altra tappa é obbligatoria ❤️
Cibo ottimo, accoglienza meravigliosa e servizio attento e dedicato. Il rapporto qualità prezzo è assolutamente equilibrato. È stata una pausa pranzo davvero bella! In sottofondo c'è musica italiana, tra grandi classici e nuove hit. Dal lunedì al venerdì (escluso i festivi) offrono un happy hour durante il quale le pietanze in menu con l'asterisco sono scontate. Sono napoletana e pure l'espresso qua è buonissimo! Assolutamente consigliato. Semmai dovessi tornare a New York, Piccola Cucina e la sua aria siciliana saranno sicuramente in itinerario!
Piatti molto curati gentilezza e cortesia al top🇺🇸😀ragazzi molto disponibili e cordiali 🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝..consiglio vivamente se vi trovate a New York di farvi una tappa
La comida muy buena!!!Los Cannolis espectaculares!!! La atención de los mozos fue excelente!!!Vayan!
我们在这度过了非常难忘的一晚，食物都非常美味。龙虾扁面、烤章鱼、炸鸡排、沙拉、提拉米苏都非常值得一试。感谢Maggel细致的服务，感谢餐厅工作人员一起为我们庆生。
Melhor restaurante italiano de Nova York.Comida perfeita e atendimento maravilhoso.Destaque para os donos sicilianos que fazem a comida italiana de verdade !Destaque para o sorvete de pistache que é imperdível
This restaurant is fantastically brilliant. Victor helped us choose from the wonderful menu. We had stuffed calamari with seafood, zucchini flowers, bruschetta with beef carpaccio, caponata. Then gnocchi with braised beef sauce, steak with mashed potato and black truffle and the most amazing sea bass with olives, capers and lemon dressing. The photos don’t do justice to the simply out of this world taste of this restaurants food. Victor was so impressive and served us with passion and friendliness. Go to Piccola Cucina you will absolutely love it.
One of the best meals I have ever had in New York City, my girlfriend and I got the Lasgans de la Mama and the Gnocchi al Ragu. The price I consider that was perfect regarding what we ordered. But the cherry on the cake was the Tiramisu! It was the first time someone made a dessert of that quality in front of me! Theodore Rivera was by far the most professional, coolest, and funniest waiter I have seen in the city so far. I am thrilled about my next visit so see you soon!
This place has so much charm and it delivers! I ordered the branzino and a came perfectly complemented with a orange salad and the skin perfectly crisp skin. I also had the tiramisu which as prepared table side, which was amazingly executed.
Ristorante eccezionale 😍 Buonissima cucina Italiana..Sono italiana e lo consiglio al 100%Personale sempre a disposizione, gentili e simpatici
One of the best Italian restaurant in NYC, the food is authentic and taste amazing.Staff is really friendly, definitely worth it.
I am Italian and I can say that this is real Italian food, great staff, generous portions and classic Italian atmosphere. I'll be back for sure
Il miglior ristorante Italiano di New York. Ottimo cibo ed il personale è veramente cortese, competente. Super consigliato!!! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Buonissimoooooo! Everything was so delicious! Just stop by us a walk in I didn’t realize we have such a good restaurant in our neighborhood! The staff is attentive . We got the gnocchi , outstanding! We will be back soon ! 
Davvero una bella atmosfera,il cibo è sempre spettacolare..ogni volta che vengo in questo ristorante mi innamoro come se fosse la prima volta!! Arancini e la pasta con i scampi sono sempre la mia scelta!bravi a tutto lo staff! 
This time had a bad experience, unfriendly staff, slow service, tiny portions and quality and taste of food def not worth the money..... Not going to return
Assolutamente non mi piace mangiare cucina italiana all'estero, ma avevo il piacere, non proprio il desiderio, di conoscere cosa propone una piccola osteria, con una buona fama, in una megalopoli come New York. Zona piena zeppa di locali italiani, dove regna un via vai incredibile. Locale molto piccolo e piuttosto affollato, poca la pace e la privacy. Camerieri in ogni dove che ti rabboccano anche l'acqua nel bicchiere... cosa che trovo ridicola, ovviamente sempre per il medesimo fine, la mancia finale. Piatti accettabili, considerando dove siamo. Bruschetta di pomodorini da evitare. Cacio e pepe idem. Buoni i i fusilloni con gli scampi, anche se la panna regna alla grande. Folle un'acqua a 8 dollari... Servizio al tavolo gestito da un paio di italiani molto gentili, ma personale in cucina in prevalenza straniero. Conto nella media per New York
Cucina fenomenale, piatti ben eseguiti e cibo di qualità. Nota di lode al tiramisù preparato sul momento con caffè fatto con moka bialietti, mini savoiardi e mascarpone.Prezzo non elevato considerato che siamo a new york (2 antipasti, 2 secondi, un tiramisù, un calice di vino, tap water: 147 dollari compreso tasse e mancia)
Devo dire che ho scelto questo ristorante per le recensioni negative, perché tutte dicevano buono il cibo però i tavoli sono piccoli, il locale e piccolo quindi nulla a che vedere con il cibo, scopo di trip ma forse c’è gente che non ha capito.Torniamo a noi cibo buono cucinato all’italiana servizio all’italiana direi più di così cosa vuoi cercare ringrazio Anna e Iacopo perché mi hanno fatto sentire a casa
È proprio una piccola osteria, tavoli vicini vicini, gente che gusta i piatti italiani, camerieri accoglienti.Un quadretto insomma, menu però non vasto.
Si mangia benissimo, iacopo che ci ha servito è gentilissimo ed inoltre ci ha consigliato per il meglio 😊. Consiglio di andarci se si vuole mangiare veramente ITALIANO a ny. Altro che little Italy
Absolute gem of a restaurant! My husband and two daughters and I stumbled upon by chance after a long day of walking. The manager was in the middle of being screamed at by a man that wanted in without a reservation. We could not believe how accommodating they were trying to be to this complete ass. We were hesitant to even ask for a table after that but they could not have been nicer. Sat us right away and we had the most wonderful server take care of us. Literally treated like family! Amazing. And the food… outstanding!! Truly one of those magical evenings in the city.
So so good! The food was amazing and the service even better!! Gnocchi, tagliatelle, ravioli, salmon. DeliciosoWe will be back!
Fabulous, freshly cooked Italian food. Attentive service. Beautiful, small, inside dining, air conditioner. Larger outside dining area. Would definitely recommend. 
The pasta is amazing and perfectly al dente, especially when paired with the delicious Burrata sauce. Surprisingly, it's one of the most affordable restaurants in New York, offering the best cost-to-benefit ratio in the city. Highly recommended for anyone visiting New York. The friendly and kind waiter, Matteo, enhances the pleasant ambiance. The lobster linguini is delicious, and the overall dining experience is great. The restaurant serves phenomenal pasta sauce and pasta, with the calamari starter being amazing. The service is top-notch, making it my favorite Italian spot in NYC. It offers authenticity, deliciousness, and versatility, whether for a casual bite with friends or a dressed-up, romantic dinner date. Cynthia, an amazing server, is accommodating, sweet, and friendly. I'll definitely request her in the future. Thank you!
Amazing food that's for a start. Same when it comes to service, we were welcomed right away even with place so packed and during our whole visit we were helped from all over all the time. Everyone was so helpful and gave us recommendations and all we needed. What really deserves a mention is the chef. The men knows what he is doing and he was on top of everything, real master of his domain. Definitely will be back.
I don’t know where to start.The place is small, just accept that if you want to go.Service: staff 10/10 so friendly even though they are so busy and running around Food: absolutely incredible, I can advise the wild boar with green tagliatelle, gnocchi beef for pasta dishes The carpaccio bruschetta was so light and insane The rice balls were also great The tiramisu dessert is a whole thing. You gotta get it Thanks to all the staff for making this a great night
This restaurant is very small so you have to make a reservation but it is so worth it. The food is authentic and absolutely delicious, the staff are super friendly and fun, and the whole scene in the restaurant is like a little party! Highly recommend.v
We had read previous reviews so we figured we were in for a decent meal but it turned out to be absolutely excellent in every way, food wise. My friend had the octopus salad which was a whole grilled tentacle and absolutely scrumptuous. I had the wild boar tagliatelle which was just wonderful. Their tomato sauce is not acidic, sweet nor overly spiccy. Very very good. I had also started out with a burrata which was also excellent. The insalata with it was perfection. Wines by the glass were reasonably priced and decent. The ONLY complaint I have is that the tables are SO close together that is it amost impossible to maneuver between them. A couple of wine glasses were broken by folks while we were there. As much as I hate them, maybe they should go to stemless glasses? It is quite boisterous inside so not a good place for a quiet meal but the food truly makes up for that. We did have a reservation but arrived early on a Sunday night and they were able to accommodate us. Would definitely return here.
Most delicious and fresh Italian food I’ve ever eaten. We came for my moms birthday and their birthday song was so fun and got the whole restaurant involved. ORDER THE RAVIOLI! Overall great experience.
We booked to eat here for my husband’s 40th birthday based on the great reviews people had given the restaurant. I have to say we were not disappointed. The food was superb, the wine list was great and the price extremely reasonable. Great place for homemade pastas! We had the wild boar and truffle tagliatelle and the lobster linguine, both delicious and only costing about $25 per head. The service was one of the things that really shone out here, the staff were so friendly and kind. The atmosphere was buzzing. It can get quite loud and as the name suggests it is a small place, so not for you if you want a very quiet meal. We loved it though, it all added to its unique charm. The staff went the extra mile and did a huge Happy Birthday song for my husband with a complimentary dessert and candles. The whole restaurant joined in - it was a lovely moment and my husband was left suitable embarrassed! Haha! Mission accomplished. Thank you Piccola Cucina Osteria for a fabulous evening : ) HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
The attention and the food was very very good, it was a whole Italian adventure. You can go with your family, friends or your partner, it's for everybody, the desserts were amazing!!! 
Family vacation (10 of us) and we all just loved this place. The food was so fresh and incredibly fresh... the atmosphere was nothing I'd experienced... they broke out in song (2 actually) and the whole restaurant participated. Again the most incredible experience! I can't wait to return!!!
We went to this restaurant once and while it wasn't bad, it was far from impressive. My octopus starter was tough and my pasta was bland (as many others have commented).Still we decided to go a second time, simply because were were booked for a matinee show just a block away so I phoned to book a table well in advance to make sure of securing a table since it's so tiny and cramped (not a good place if you're in the least claustrophobic or don't like noise). So we turn up and they can't find our booking! The waiter who took the call hadn't put it through. Worst thing was that the manager was so patronising and dismissive, assuring me that I must have phoned another restaurant by mistake. When I brought up his phone number on my phone records, he didn't apologise for his manner, just shrugged us off saying that the restaurant was full and couldn't accommodate us. It ruined our whole outing to New York. There are so many better restaurants in New York, why pay to get poor service in a noisy, cramped restaurant with indifferent food.
Not only do they serve the best Italian food outside of Italy , the service and staff are superb and the chef and crew are one of a kind. I visited with my wife , daughter and her boyfriend and we have never had so much fun in a restaurant. Singing along with the whole place and enjoying great food and wine, maybe not the place for a quiet candle-lit dinner for two, but if you want atmosphere, fantastico ! Recommend strongly that you book as it is only a small place.
We went there for Christmas Day dinner while in NYC. It will be a very memorable Christmas dinner. Pasta is fresh and cooked perfectly. The waiter recommended a great wine to accompany it. But it's just not the food: it's the environment. It's very small with seating for about 30, and you are seated close to others. It's not the place for intimate dining. What it offers is imagining you are in a family's kitchen in Italy. Service was very attentive. At one point the whole restaurant broke out in song to Jingle Bell Rock. You will leave with fabulous memories and having met new friends. 
As previously stated, this place is SMALL, and I mean really SMALL.If you want a nice romantic couples evening, don't go. With 4 or 5 inches between tables this is not the place to go for romance.My welcome, having booked a table was deeply underwhelming. I've rarely seen such depressed and pissed off looking staff.I felt like I got the best table, because I was in the main walkway, and not on the lap of my fellow diner. This way I got only occasional nudges as the waiters moved around.My food was lovely though, Squid for starter was great. Did the waiters ever ask how it was? NO.Pasta and Rib eye steak for mains was also good, not amazing, but good enough. Did the waiters care? NO.4 times I asked for my water to be topped up. Did they care? NO.Impromptu disco night, with YMCA and similar 80s disco classics being played super loud was weird but enjoyable for us at least Would I go back?NO.Would I recommend?NOIt would be great if you booked the whole place for 20-30 people, but as a couple, no way.
Came here because of the pictures of food. They offer GF pasta which is fantastic! The pasta sauce was good, tasty, but could have done with a little more taste. However the music was absolutely ear splitting! It was so crazy loud that if actually hurt our ears. Everyone else was loving it and we embraced the pure madness of everyone standing up and dancing (very dark restaurant) so it's essentially a nightclub that serves food. Very strange! But great nonetheless. 
Good food and music!!! I relly like this restaurant! I feel pure Italian feelings and empoyees are very friendly! ♡
Our party of 2 arrived sharp on time for our Friday night booking and we had to wait 15-20 minutes to get seated. On balance though it was well worth the wait. The service was fine and the dishes... pure delight from starters to dessert. With great Sicilian red wine, all at a very affordable price for such a great SoHo restaurant. I'd happily return here any time.
We enjoyed our dinner and really were amazed by the Taglierini al Nero con Seppie. Balanced flavor with a perfect finish. Will definitely come back!
We wanted authentic Italian food, not a chicken parm or overwhelmingly large bowls of pasta, and this place looked promising. It was better than we expected! The sardine, fennel and orange salad was amazing, grilled octopus was perfectly cooked, and the 3 pasta dishes we tried were perfectly balanced with extraordinary flavor-a boar ragu, urchin spaghetti and langostine linguine- everything was fantastic. We also tried a cassata siciliana for dessert, it was perfect. Great wine selection for the price also. Great, attentive service, quaint homey atmosphere. We would definitely eat here again if we are in the area, it exceeded expectations! 
One of the best Italian meals-Sicilian region-, I've ever had. They have 2 locations, we dined at 196 Spring Street. Every dish was delicious. Although the recipes were simple, they had balanced and complex tastes. The wine list was limited, but perfect. The restaurant was a bit tiny, but joyful-we even sang "New York, New York" altogether. The staff was attentive and very friendly. We visited the same place twice in 5 days. A reservation is highly recommended. And the prices were incredibly low.
This place has realy great food. The tastes of involtini of swordfish and pasta's were so right: tasteful and not killend with salt or one other flavour, but balanced and complex although simple dishes. One of the better places in midrange price. The downside is That iT is so small and packed with tables, no privacy nor real comfort. Service was excellent.
After being told that we had to have pizza when we visited New York, we asked around. Bleeker Street seemed to have a couple of top rated establishments. We picked Bleecker Street Pizza. I ordered a slice of Hawaiian, and my wife ordered a Veggie slice. They dropped them into the pizza oven and handed them out to us a few minutes later. Delicious! I would highly recommend this location. 
This was our first NY pizza experience. The staff was friendly but I wasn't a fan of the pizza. It was lacking in flavor. Maybe because I got veggie, but all I could taste was broccoli. Since this was rated tops, not sure if I'll try anywhere else.
This was our very first stop in NYC and it did not disappoint! The white pizza and the veggie were both very good. Nice employees as well which is always a plus to me.
Tasteless cheese, thin hard tasteless crust, hardly any tomato sauce. Veggie toppings were great- phenomenal creamed? spinach awesome. But the pizza completely sucked. Cheese = tofu. Waste of calories. Don't bother. It's getting harder and harder to find a decent downtown slice these days. Tasted the same as a bad dollar place.
Sorry New Yorkers, I'm not from the island, the pizza that we got, sicilian with basil had a crispy crust and was good, but I wanted a thin crust with veggies. We would have had to wait 30 minutes to get a pie, which would have been too much food. So NO variety if you don't want pepperoni. The place wasn't clean and that's the other reason why I marked it low. There was very little seating yet you could reserve a table online, huh? If I knew ahead of time that it was like this I wouldn't have been disappointed. It was very busy at 1:30 pm on a Saturday so obviously the locals like it. 
Greg is a legend, what a dude!! The guys that work there are ace. It was an absolute treat to find this place on the last day of our NYC trip! My sister and I visited Bleecker Street Pizza on a sunny Monday before Halloween and we were not disappointed. Such a cute and cosy pizza shop which offers the most delicious pizzas ever! They even catered for my veganism. Greg welcomed us into his shop as if we were one of the family and it was really the icing on the cake at the end of our NYC stay. We can't wait to return to eat and chat more!!!! IT IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST.
The thing about Bleecker Street Pizza is that whether you’re gluten-free or vegetarian, you can find meals tailored to your dietary needs. Greg is a kindred spirit. 
My friend recommended me this place and I have to say that she knew what she was saying. Easy to find, quite a choice of pizza. You re vegetarian? No problem! The owner reheated the pizza for me after we had a little chat about Poland - very welcome and positive guy. Good price and yummy experience. Go grab some slice!
Found this hole in the wall pizza place while walking through the area. Had no idea what to expect except that I was starving. Walked in.... order two vegetarian HUGE slices and away I went. Simply put, this has to be one of the best NY pizza experiences you'll have. Nothing fancy or shmacy... silly great NY pizza.An absolve must on any walking tour through NY south side
i only stopped in to have a taste. It was a recommend from a friend and I was passing by just before dinner. I order a vegetarian (spinach) it was sooo good i ordered another vegetarian. Its too good to just walk by.
May be the best pizza we have ever eaten, even the gluten free pizza was amazing. A must do when in NYC. Gregg was welcoming, delightful and made sure our visit was special
Yummy! Nonna Maria rocks! My teens love it and Greg made it even more awesome! Friendly, kind and yummy food all in one!!!
Take the time to have pizza here. Gluten free pizza was really good…nice thin crust. Lots of pizza slice options are ready and the gluten free just took a few minutes. Add the fresh grated cheese too!Greg (Dad) was kind enough to deliver our food to us as we sat out front people watching….and offered to take our photo and told us about his brother who founded the restaurant.
The pizza was delicious! Fresh and exactly what you hope for in a NYC pizza. My family had the Nonna Maria Pizza and I had the gluten free version - delicious! We highly recommend it! It was great meeting Greg too, he made our visit special!
We had gluten free pizza which were crispy and tasty toppings. Extra thanks for Greg for personal service. Be prepared that restaurant is not big and its very popular so it might be growded.
They do not offer gluten-free pizza by the slice but our whole pie was delicious. If you are gluten-free, you know that the crust can make or break the pie. The crust here was excellent. Highly recommended.
My daughter and I have just had the most amazing gluten free pizza here. The staff were so helpful and friendly. The gluten free pizza is made fresh to order and you do have to buy the whole pizza, it cost $20 and was totally worth it. It was 8 slices which we managed to eat, it really was far too good to leave any. The other pizzas on offer looked just as good and the whole time we were there no one left anything on their plate. I would definitely recommend Bleecker Street Pizza to anyone but especially if you are gluten free. 
When looking for gluten free pizza this place came up and had great reviews so we decided to try it. Once we got there we realized that there were 2 different sides, a to go side & a side where you could sit down. We hade been walking all day so we wanted to sit down. We stepped inside & they seated us right away. We looked over the menu & didn't see where you could order by the slice so we asked them about it. In the restaurant side you had to order by the pie. We decided to stay. I ordered the smallest cheese pizza they had and my friend ordered the smallest gluten free cheese pizza they had(which is smaller than a regular one). She ate all of hers except for 1 slice & I ate half of mine. We were both stuffed! They service was great!
Small place but amazing atmosphere. The staff was awesome and the gf pizza was great. We got the award winning Nonna Maria Pie and it did not disappoint.
We stopped in here for a pizza as my wife is coeliac and we had read that they did gluten free pizza. Bleecker St. Pizza did not disappoint. It was extremely delicious. More than this, though, the customer service displayed by Greg and his team was second to none. He was so warm and friendly and made us feel very welcome. Would highly recommend this brilliant spot for the best gf pizza in NYC!
I don’t quite know where to begin. The fact that they can make GLUTEN FREE PIZZA (**which I did NOT try**), or the fact that they were ranked the BEST PIZZA in NYC by food network. Seriously the BEST pizza I’ve ever had in my life. I had both ricotta and margherita pizza Sunday afternoon. The crust was perfect. Thin and VERY crispy. The sauce was so flavorful. With pepperoni pizza (which I love) you don’t really get the flavor of the sauce. The sauce is so goood make you wanna slap yo momma. There are a couple other good pizza spots, but they didn’t earn my review. QUIT WASTING TIME, Get over there and have a few slices for me!
A few friends and I stopped at the Bleecker Street Pizza today. It is a really adorable small pizza restaurant. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, going out of their way to help us have a great experience. The service was quick and the pizza really great - including the gluten free pizza. This is a great spot to stop for a wonderful quick meal to go. 
I’ve had my fair share of experiences with New York City pizza. I will come back to Bleecker Street pizza in a heartbeat! Greg served us and he was most friendly and helpful. My husband (from New York) said it was some of the best pizza he’s ever had.Because my mother has to eat gluten free, we chose this place based on their gluten free options. It’s so nice to find a place that caters to those needs, and is also so delicious. You can be guaranteed we WILL be back next time we’re in New York, and we travel there fairly often.
...if you want a DELICIOUS, by-the-slice, inexpensive, authentic, hole-in-the-wall type Manhattan pizza joint for your family's ONE DAY in the city!! Our family of five loved it all. Service, flavor, toppings, crust, cost: everything was perfect...and the suggested Nonna Maria was exceptional! Also, the gluten-free pie for my youngest was amazing too! Best she's ever had.Great work, Bleeker Street!!
Maravillosa pizza en Greenwich Village. No se la pierdan si visitan Nueva York. Porciones generosas y precios asequibles. Probamos la de champiñon y la de pepperoni. Pizza espectacular!! 
NY’s finest! Bleecker’s is fantastic! Nice and hot and very flavourful! Service is very fast and the price is right! Will definitely return next trip to NY!
Une pizzeria qui ne paie pas de mine mais c'est vrai que la tranche de pizza est très bonne! Bon, j'en ai mangé des meilleurs à l'étranger mais je pense que pour NYC il s'agit d'une des meilleures! Avec un bon rapport qualité/prix, c'est l'idéal pour une petite faim!
Delicious pizza and garlic knots! We got a variety of slices to split and they were all unique and delicious. The sauce and cheese are so good. Greg stopped to talk to each person in our party and took pictures of all of us at our tables. We’re from all over the southeast and he asked us questions about things in each of the states we live in. It made us feel very welcome. He even brought my mom a free slice because we were celebrating her birthday. Definitely recommend!
Bleeker Street Pizza did not disappoint! The pizza is a 10 out of 10 and a must try. We had the signature Nonna Maria and I can’t begin to tell you how good it was, just go! By far the freshest tasting pizza I’ve ever had, and the crust was crunchy, but not too much, and like no pizza I’ve ever had. As if the pizza wasn’t good enough, the experience set it over the top. Just chatting with Greg was icing on the cake! A true New York gentleman who takes the time to make you feel like you’re the only customer there. If you are in New York go to Bleeker Street Pizza!
Delicious food, and Greg pushed it over the top. It was crowded and he made sure our group of six got a table quickly. Would recommend everyone try a slice of the Grandma
Somos de Costa Rica, fuimos a esta pizzería por recomendaciones en youtube de los 10 mejores lugares para ir a comer a NY, y comimos la famosa pizza Nonna Maria, definitivamente supero nuestras expectativas, muy deliciosa y el personal del lugar fue muy amable, hablamos con el Sr. Glenn que fue muy atento con nosotros. Esperamos volver pronto. 
Indulging in Bleecker Street Pizza's sweet pizza was a delightful surprise. Their Nutella and strawberry creation atop perfectly baked dough is a harmonious fusion of flavors. The warm Nutella, fresh strawberries, and powdered sugar created a unique, sweet, and satisfying dessert pizza. A must-try for anyone looking to satisfy their sweet tooth in a novel way at this renowned pizza joint.
I had a slice at Bleecker Street Pizza, and it was absolutely delicious. The crust was perfectly crispy, and the toppings were fresh. I'll be coming back for more!
We had a super quick trip to NYC back in September and had to check out Bleecker St Pizza, due to a review I had watched on YouTube. We went mid-afternoon on a weekday and it wasn’t very busy. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. We split the Nonna slice and it was delicious! We met Greg who was very friendly and spent a few minutes chatting with us about the restaurant’s history as well as New York life. I loved the neighborhood feel of the place and would definitely recommend a trip there if you’re in the area.
I have said many times I am not a pizza guy. Still not a pizza guy. But I am a Bleeker Street Pizza guy! Wow! The crust is amazing and the gravy I could eat out of a bowl. Just a great place with a great story attached. I wish it was available on Goodbelly!
The pizza was delicious. It’s very affordable, you can buy by the slice. The best part is the variety of options. I had the chipotle chicken and it was great. They put a lot of chicken on it. There was not a huge wait in line.
The pizza was super tasty, proper New York slices. The Nonna Maria was outstanding, the marinara sauce was so tasty with the perfect amount of cheese. And Greg was super friendly and great chat. Can't recommend it more 👌
My husband and I had the pleasure of meeting previous owner Mr. Greg. His bother, Capt. Douglas Greenwood, opened Bleecker Street Pizza after retiring from NYPD. He worked 40 straight days after 911 in the recovery effort and became very ill and ultimately passing, leaving the restaurant to his brother, Greg. Mr. Greg only works part time and usually on Fridays. Luckily for us, he was there and we had a long visit. It was such a treat to chat with him as well as having some of the most amazing pizza we’ve ever had. Please go by and have a slice or 2. We only got one each, however, we should’ve had 1-2 each.
We came for a pizza slice after watching a You Tube recommendation by Here Be Barr (thank you!). The pizza tasted fresh and incredibly flavoursome with a light, crispy crust. We loved every bite and can’t wait to visit again one day! 
Easily the best pizza we ate in Manhattan. The owner Greg even took time out of his day to chat, such a nice guy. We had a Nonna Maria which easily feed 4 of us for lunch.
Great pizza spot - thanks Greg for being so lovely! Pizza is so so yummy - crispy pepperoni good time with family. Hey Greg u made it to the internet again! 
We thought as it was a Saturday lunchtime we would be hard pushed to get in but were pleasantly surprised to find an empty table and to be greeted by the smiley, helpful and friendly staff.We had two slices each both trying the Nona Maria which was truly amazing. Nothing beats this astoundingly good pizza for flavour. We’ve eaten pizza in Chicago, Italy and various other cities of the world and if we could ship this over by super jet we would!
Old school pizza by the slice great selection of pizzas. Busy but quick service. The taste of Italy in a slice have visited many times and the quality and taste still the best. Well worth a visit 
We had lunch at Bleecker Street pizza today and were made to feel at home immediately by Greg the owner. He took the time and attention to ensure we were well looked after and cared to learn where we were visiting from. The pizza was delicious and recommend this to anyone visiting Greenwich. The Pannozzo’s - British Columbia
This place is a must if you like pizza, thin and crispy and full of toppings.. We had a lovely chat with Greg who Introduced himself to us, so friendly and we would highly recommend this place for any pizza lovers. Brilliant pizza, perfect lunch.
The pizza was fantastic with a light crispy crust. Even better than the pizza was our visit with Greg, the former owner. He is a true joy to talk with and was very welcoming and sweet. Thanks, Greg and the Bleecker Street pizza crew for a great lunch experience in NYC!
Pizzeria typiquement New Yorkaise ! Le patron Greg est adorable et adore discuter avec les touristes ! La pizza nona maria est un délice ! Recette de la grand mère de Greg avec laquelle il a fini deuxième au concours de la meilleure pizza du pays !!!
I’m originally from NY, but moved away several years ago. Anytime I go home, I have to visit Bleeker Street Pizza to get my fix. This time, I went with my husband and another couple that had never been. Upon waiting in line to order their famous “Nonna Maria” and some garlic knots, we were greeted by Greg. He is the owner and grandson of the woman for whom this pizza is named after and is her recipe. Such a wonderful surprise! Of course, the pizza was just as I expected…absolutely delicious, but talking with Greg just made our visit that much more enjoyable. He was so personable, courteous and funny!
Great Pizza! We visited Bleeker Street Pizza on Friday afternoon and I must say it is the best pizza we have ever had! I want to also give a shout out to Greg who was so friendly and helpful. When he found out it was my son’s birthday he even brought over a slice of pizza just for him! Thank you Greg!
I’ve ate here many times and feel obligated to give it a shout out. I’m not sure how we stumbled on this place, but we love it. In a quiet neighborhood, prices are reasonable and the food is consistently good. I stick with the cheese and my wife gets the Mona Maria, both excellent.
Nice pizza, didn't love it. Everybody' said we have to try it...so we did. Nice. .Tasty. Fresh. But, I have had better.Very popular place.
This is solid pizza. They’ve nailed the crispy style down and though some people are saying it’s too greasy, I’d argue that this was on the less greasy side of pizzas I’ve had in NYC. No need to blot. The only thing is that the pepperoni slice was a bit too salty for my liking. The Nonna Maria wasn’t mind blowing but it was good. Went on a Sunday afternoon at around 4pm and was able to easily find seating. One tip is to use cash so you save a bit. My two slices and a bottle of water came out to $12 in cash.
good thing is they have slices of pizza, so you can try many. We tried the Nonna Maria pizza slice. And some wine to go with it (Cabernet Sauvignon). I felt the tomato sauce was a little too sour, crust was good. My husband loved it because he in general likes sour stuff. There is a few seating inside but that’s it. It’s a fast come and go kinda place. I saw lots of sign posts and even waiters wearing T-shirts on how this place was ranked among the top pizzeria in the US. When googled, seems this is a report from 2018. And the Jimmy Kimmel show with Dax Shepherd mentioning their pizza as ‘the greatest slice piece of pizza ever put in their mouth’ is from 2011... Anyway I did have better pizza in New York itself elsewhere.
Nice service very good pizza very tasty neat an clean service nice staff an very good price sosososo very heavy pizza nice
This is some great pizza! Clean ingredients not to greasy just perfect! The crust even taste good, have lots of options to choose from. 
We did an impromptu pizza tour of the popular spots in the city. Bleecker St was by far superior! Most importantly, the pizza is spectacular. The service counter is quick & friendly. There is plenty of seating (a rarity). The bathroom is clean. Finally, Greg greeted us at the door, engaged with us while later, and just made us feel welcomed. I’m so glad this place was on our list!
We needed a quick bite after arriving in NY and our hotel suggested since it was close. We went after lunch rush so it was easy, quick and fast to get slices of pizza and drinks for the family. No complaints about service or food. The place is a little old and not super clean. If you are just needing a quick bite and not pay a lot then this is the place.
We visited Bleeker Street Pizza last week while on holiday from Liverpool. We were greeted by the owner with a warm welcome he chatted to us and was very friendlyeven offered to take a picture for us. We were not disappointed with our pizza it was the best pizza by far we have ever tasted, it was fabulous we had clean plates when we finished. If we ever visit New York again we will definitely be paying another visit. 
Good location, great hot pizza by the slice. The place is small and crowded and a lot of people don’t clean off their tables. I will go back especially if I want a quick food and tasty food option while in the neighborhood. 
Stopped by this pizza place after renewing our passports and it was a really great experience. It is a tiny little place on the corner. There is about 5 small tables. The place is quaint and clean. They take cash and credit card and have an ATM. They also sell parm sandwiches, salads and pizza of course. They have a large bottle beer selection as well which consists of at least 14 different beers. We spoke with Greg at the counter which is one of the owners. He was super nice and we had a good conversation. We got cheese slices and Nonna slices. They were $3.00 and $3.50 a piece respectively. The pizza crust is thin and crispy and delicious! The sauce was full of flavor. You can tell they make that sauce with love!! The cheese pulled apart in an amazing way and the it was salty in a perfect way!! The pizza was just amazing and one of the best slices I have had and I eat a lot of pizza. They had cheese, buffalo chicken, nonna, mushroom, pepperoni, and pepperoni available. I wish they had a white slice but maybe next time because we will be back for sure!! Great food and very nice hospitality! 
I had heard about the great pizza at Bleekers After visiting them and seeing how dirty the place was and experiencing the rude staff we left without ordering. It might just have been an off night but there are so many great places in New York it isn't necessary to subject oneself to a place that is not clean and has a rude staff.
Not a place for atmosphere! The pizza was delicious and the food that passed our table looked delicious! The tables were dirty and no one seemed to be around to clean them. But there was a line at the counter and business seems to be doing very well.
My title says it all. As someone who has grown up in the NYC metro area, I've likely eaten at over 200 (300?) local pizza shops. I cannot definitely say its the best pizza I've ever had, but it is certainly the best pizza I've had in NYC. The dough, the sauce, the cheese, the seasoning and then the REAL Parm flakes to put on top. Seriously delicious!
Went here because of all the hype and the recommendations on nearly every YouTuber and blogger I’ve seen and I really don’t get the fuss. It’s nice enough pizza that’s reasonably priced but it’s nothing special. I’ve had better pizza in local takeaways. I will say christ they love to tell you how famous they are. Had to listen to them list off how many tv shows they have been on recently to anyone that would listen whilst we was having our pizza. It’s really not worth the trip to but if your in the area by all means drop in.
Saw this place reviewed by local people on YouTube and on our recent visit we knew we were going to try it.Absolutely outstanding, quite frankly it's THE best slice of pizza I've ever had, the Nonna Maria was unbelievable.Whenever we get back to NYC we will be heading here again without a doubt.
Greg the owner is as charming as he is friendly. Felt really welcomed and the cheese slices are to die for. Definitely recommend making a trip to this local establishments. Can see why they’re the Winner of best pizza in New York 3 years running.
Small, very nice local restaurant, they have the most amazing pizza- especially their famous Nona Maria- dough is thin and very crunchy, so delicious with fresh basil & parmezan cheese! 2 slices are enough to feel full :D Prices are low, the Staff is nice (greetings to Mr.Greg!) and welcoming, the service is efficient. We’re definitely come back there! 👌🏻🍕
Made a trip here after seeing a podcast from a local New Yorker. Did not leave disappointed! The Nonna Maria pizza is amazing! Can not write a review without mentioning Greg, such a friendly restaurant where you are made to feel at home. Would recommend any visitor to the city to stop by for a very good value lunch. Best pizza i tried on my recent trip to New York was here. Any time in in New York i will be returning.
I was never a real fan of the "NY slice" people go on and on about, and now that there are a few places that serve pizza napoletana, I usually use my calories for that. Song E' Napule on Houston will sell you a whole 12' pie for $10 at lunchtime, for example, and I was always partial to coal oven pie at Arturo's and John's. There are 1,400 other reviews of this place so I don't mind mentioning these others.All that said, you are probably walking around the Village hungry for a snack, hoping to try good pizza, and just wanting a slice or two. This is your spot! I never ate here back in the day, I used to live across the street from Ben's so that's what I used to get. But I'd take this place over Ben's, Joe's, and any of the nameless slices around the Village (whatever happened to the various Ray's on every corner?). The pictures here are accurate, they use actual fresh mushrooms and basil and so on, and the slices don't seem to sit under heat lamps forever like so much of the dreck around town.The service is nice, but NY efficient, so don't expect them to fawn all over you because you are there or invite you to a ballgame afterward. But everyone is polite, you'll get what you order, and there are usually enough places to sit while you eat. It's mostly tourists, but locals breeze through for a slice regularly so you won't feel like you're in Times Square. They give the slices plenty of time to heat up, so be prepared to wait for a couple of minutes. It's worth it!
Just the best I've had in NYC. Quick service. Great crust and tasting pizza. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a local business. The location is easy to get to on the way to or from S. Manhattan from Mid-Town. Heard the owner is pretty cool as well. Get the Nonna Maria.
Best pizza I've EVER tasted! Prices can't be beat !And Greg is possibly the nicest person in NYC...very welcoming. A local hangout with a wonderful history. You've got to eat here!!!
The minute we walked into Bleeker Street Pizza, we got the New York welcome by Greg. It felt as if we had walked into our own local hangout. Greg chatted with us and told us about the place and its history. He used to be an owner but is now on meet and greet duty and doing a great job. It was the highlight of our trip! And the pizza was really good! It was light and the ingredients were fresh. We managed to stuff down two slices!
This is the best pizza I've ever had, joint top with some I had in Italy. It's only a small place but we got a table and had a couple of slices of this amazing pizza. It's charming and felt like a very local pizza joint to us tourists. Highly recommend for anyone in the area. Excellent value for money too.
A friend of mine wanted me to make sure I tried New York Style pizza. I am very picky about pizza. It was raining in Greenwich Village and we were having a beer to stay out of the rain and I asked some locals where to get a good piece of pizza. They said, "Definitely Bleecker Street Pizza!" They were correct! It was steamy hot and rainy in NYC. We arrived and it is tiny place and the guys behind the counter were sweating their butts off. We had to wait about 15 minutes for some to come out of the oven. We grabbed a couple beers and got lucky to get a little table. We had the Nonna and the Pepperoni! Awesome! I especially loved the Nonna. This was a great experience in a little mom and pop shop. Loved it! Real New York!
Ok so sometimes places get hyped up by tourist so after finding this spot on trip advisor I put it on the list to pizza to try while in NYC. But as my belly filled up and time ran short I realized I would only get to try one pizza joint on this trip so I asked some locals where to go and I got a unanimous decision.....Bleeker Street. While I can say this is the beat pizza in NYC (only because it's the only pizza I've had there) it's darn good. So good in fact that while I will still search for the best NYC pie I will make bleeker street a must eat every time I come to NYC. Also the price is perfect being from the Midwest and seeing how much everything cost in the big Apple I was so pleasantly surprised with the prices here. 4 bucks for a three meat slice that was big enough for my wife and I to share. Great work Bleeker Street Pizza keep it up!!
My office is 2 blocks away from Bleecker Street Pizza. It is so hard not to come here all the time. For all you tourists reading this, come here. You have so many choices and people will say to go to a few others in the area, but this place rocks. The Nona slice is hands down the favorite, but you cant go wrong with any other slice. Grab your slice and sit if there is a spot or take it with you.I always watch as the owners and everyone else that work here make everyone feel special and that they belong in New York City. It's great to watch the tourist feel welcomed and look so happy. You always have my business and referrals.
The best pizza in NYC. Order the Nona Maria. It really is the best combination-fresh mozzarella, basil and homemade sauce.
Best pizza ever. You must get the Nonna Maria. Really good good, great price. Fresh and tasty. My only issue was sitting next to trash bags inside, not that nice to do!
Recently stopped here on a Greenwich Village walking tour with Lori. OMG! Best pizza of my life. Gorgeous thin crust and the marinara sauce is so fresh and out of this world. The owner Greg was on site and made effort to greet us. Ownership pride shines so bright ! Thank you
Our family is vacationing over the Christmas holidays and wanted authentic NYC pizza. We had been to Bleeker Street pizza last year for a slice but this year we wanted to try the famous Nona Maria! This did not disappoint! The crust was thin and crispy, the cheese was fresh! Amazing! We highly recommend this restaurant. If you get a chance to meet Greg, he’s delightful. We enjoyed his sharing of memories about his brother and his colleagues who experienced 911 and are not forgotten!
We visited on 4th November, this was on the list of places to go and so glad that we did. We were a party of 6 and everybody loved this place.Greg was a great host, he is a real character and make sure you get the chance to speak with him. If i am ever back in NY I will be going back. It's situated in Greenwich Village too so well worth the visit. Pizza made fresh infant of us, cooked perfectly and the cheese was awesome. Thank you
I was recommended this place by a friend and YouTube personality as one of the best pizza places in New York, and it certainly blew my mind! Got the pepperoni and sausage slice. Crust is very thin, but sturdy and crispy. All the toppings were very fresh and flavorful. Perfect balance of cheese and tomato. Having tried this and Joe's in NY, I'll probably won't be eating pizza back home anytime in the next 3 months!!
Decided to go on a long walk from Times Square down 7th avenue (past Perry Street) for those Sex in the City fans, and ended up here as a reward for those miles! Excellent place, quite busy, really fast service, alcohol and soft drinks, cafe set up, pizza slices fresh as always people coming in due to its high rating, good choice, and one of the best value for money food I’ve had in New York, worth a visit
The Nonna Maria pizza was amazing! The crust was crispy and soft at the same time and the ingredients were fresh and delicious. We were welcomed by Greg, who was extremely nice and found some time to chat with us about our home country :) Greetings from Poland. If we are back in NYC, we will definitely visit Bleecker Street Pizza again!
Amazing!! Best! Pizza! Ever!! Thanks Greg!! Fast service! Owner is the best. Great location. Super fresh ingredients!!
Had a very delicious pie with fresh ingredients. This is one of the better places I’ve been to in NYC. I would recommend this place!
Gorgeous pizza, great value, fast service. Enjoyed the food and our visit very much and would recommend to anyone. Salad was fresh and well prepared too. 
Magnífica pizza!!!….para cualquier momento del día ya que cierra muy tarde y a las 11 de la mañana puedes tomarte ya una buena slice.Estuve hace unos años con amigos y no se me olvidó su sabor,textura….sigue siendo la mejor.Si tenéis la suerte de ir en viernes,os encontraréis con Greg,el antiguo dueño con el que es muy agradable charlar para conocer la historia de la pizzería.Situada en Greenwich Village vale la pena una parada y degustar sus deliciosas pizzas.Es un lugar sencillo donde te puedes sentar dentro o fuera.Precio muy asequible.No os la perdáis.
The Nonna Maria is hands down the best pizza I have ever eaten.Staff really friendly and helpful - the reputation this place has is very well deserved.
This week I witnessed shocking bullying of a delivery man and racist behavior by people who work here. During the same visit, a young woman was clearly made uncomfortable by unwanted attention and advances made by the same staff. I will never go back, and I live across the street.
Local acogedor muy bonitos y pintoresco, el sabor de la pizza muy bueno, excelente atención y nuestro amigo Gregg tmb esperamos volver pronto, vinimos desde Panama
One of the best pizza slices we’ve had. Go for the Nona Mama it was delicious.We also met the lovely Greg and had a lovely chat 😊
We discovered Bleecker Street Pizza on the Nice Guys Greenwich Village Food Tour. Our grandson wanted to return for lunch the next day, although we stayed in mid-town Manhattan. It was worth every bite. Nona Maria was my favorite, Grandpa and grandson also ate a slice of the meaty pepperoni and sausage pizza. It would be nice to have a smaller cup for red wine, I was handed a tall paper soda cup. 
Choix limité de pizzas. Ce n’est pas la meilleure pizzeria de NY! Le gros avantage c’est qu’elles sont servies rapidement. Dommage que la musique mexicaine soit trop forte.
Ordered delivery of this pizza based on the reviews and the apparent awards it has won. Not sure what the competition was but I have never had a greasier, floppy pizza ever. Maybe it is better in store but not sure how anyone could eat something like this. The employee who took the order was very pleasant and polite so it wasn’t a total loss.
We visited here as part of a walking tour and were blown away by the amazing pizza. It does not look much from the outside, but everyone on the tour raved about how good the pizza was. 
Wow, if you want some great pizza, look no further. Excellent sauce, perfect crust plus toppings made me wish I had room for another piece. Delicious.
Great slice. The sauce was magnificient with a little spice, just enough. I appreciated the thin crust which was crisp which allowed the blend of sauce and cheese to sit perfectly together with each bite!
Greenwich Village Classic-Fantastic pizza. Hard to beat the experience of sitting on the patio with their pizza & beer watching the good folk of Greenwich Village walk by on their daily business. 
I just grabbed a slice of the margherita to try it as I'd heard really good things. It didn't disappoint. An absolute 10/10.
Chicken pizza slice very good, but perhaps we picked wrong with the others nonna Maria’s slice had minimal topping and sicilian was double thick There was a lot of leftover dry crust. Cheap & cheerful with good service. .Thought the Artichoke pizza place at Bushwick was much better.
השירות היה מדהים, המחירים היו הוגנים, והאווירה במקום היתה נעימה מאוד. אני ממליץ מאוד! מי שקורא את הביקורת - חייב לבקר כאן אתם לא תתחרטו
If you like pizza, you need to try Bleecker St Pizza. Garlic buns are also delicious. They sell salads too..but try the pizza! We had 3 slices, 5 buns, 4 drinks and a Caesar salad for $39. Went back for another slice and more garlic buns! SO yum! The area is nice too.many restaurants..worth it!!
Did not disappoint down from Auckland New Zealand. Pizza was fantastic but the highlight was definitely the chat with Greg and his knowledge of Marmite 😀
Bleecker Street Pizza is my favorite pizza ever. So much so I have them on my food tour so others can also try it. On Fridays, Greg speaks to my tour group about his Nonna Maria. Between the pizza and Greg, it's always a hit with my tour groups!
Arguably some of the best pizza in the United States. The slices are massive and very cheap for a meal in NYC. I ordered a slice of pepperoni, bbq chicken and the garlic knots. The line can be long but we’ll worth the wait. It’s also continently open till around 5am, but don’t expect it to not be busy then!
Pizza newyorkese imperdibile in un ambiente assolutamente tipico: sembra di essere in un film, con il cameriere (assolutamente americano di seconda, se non prima generazione) che parla uno slang incomprensibile, non ripete quello detto e ti cambia l'ordinazione a suo piacere. Ambiente spartano, pizza buona (la migliore mangiata a NY) e prezzi relativamente contenuti. Consigliatissimo. 
We absolutely LOVED the Nonna Maria pizza. Greg was so friendly and helpful in helping choose our food, tips for places to visit, and even took pictures of our family. I highly recommend and look forward to visiting again in the future!
We stopped here on a food tour and got to meet the previous owner Greg, who stopped by the table and shared some great stories about the place. We had Nonna Marias pizza and it was delicious. 
De las mejores pizzas que he probado. Y ye probado muchas. La atención fue muy buena, en especial por parte de Greg, un hombre muy simpático que nos atendió estupendamente. Tienen un par de opciones sin gluten, que en nuestro caso es fundamental, ya que mi pareja es celiaca. 100% recomendable.
Oh Man, where do I begin? On my first trip to NYC, I was looking forward to some real "floppy" NYC pizza, and was directed to a couple of the popular choices. The pizza was good, but nothing to write home about. However, on a food tour of Greenwich Village, our guide took us to Bleeker Street Pizza, and this was the pizza of my New York dreams! Let me just say that I could drink a bottle of the sauce that was on this pie and have never had anything so flavorful! And to top it off, the owner spoke to us about his family's history in this location, and his grandmother's secret sauce recipe. Run, don't walk to this place if you're in NYC (or take the subway). You'll be glad you did!
Pour manger quelque chose de pas cher et rapide c'est un endroit parfait même si ce n'est pas la meilleure pizza de la ville.
Had seen this suggested by a YouTuber and as I wandered around the area came across it so figured why not drop in for a slice.Very New York pizza vibe, buy by the slice or a whole pizza.Had the Nonna Maria as recommended and did not disappoint.Also there is a restroom on site - handy when you’ve been walking around for a few hours and need a bite to eat, drink and the bathroom tick tick tick …
Very cold and unpleasent people, they look at you like you are not welcome. No thank you, no goodbye, nasty faces. They are not italians, some are mexican and the boss seems a middle eastern guy with a bad attitude. Considering the location, looks like a money laundering. Average pizza at best, not so cheap. Forget this crap.
My husband and I decided to do a fresh pizza comparison between Bleecker Street Pizza and Joe’s. Some time, we will do those two plus John’s of Bleecker Street. Anyway, all of the slices were delicious, and we would eat them again. From Bleecker Street, we tried a Nonna Maria slice and a sausage slice. The classic cheese from Joe’s was the winner, followed by the Bleecker Street slices. The dough at Bleecker Street is a bit thicker, which was the deciding factor.
We attended food tour by free tour by food. Our guide Lori brought to this place. Greg is retired owner, only working Friday. He greeted and talked to everyone. Pizza is great, friendship is greater.
Great hot, fresh pizza. We enjoyed the house special Nonna Maria. The perfect quick lunch stop after exploring Greenwich Village on a girls trip. So well looked after by Greg who was super friendly and welcoming. 
Bleecker Street Pizza is our go-to place for great pizza whenever we’re in Manhattan. In our experience, the pizza has been consistently excellent. We always order slices of pepperoni and the Nona. The pizza has a great crispy crust and the sauce is very flavorful. In addition to the great pizza, the service at Bleecker Street is very friendly. This is not the case at many ‘famous’ pizza shops in the city. On our last visit, Greg welcomed our family and was so friendly. He really made our visit memorable with his hospitality. We’re looking forward to our next trip to the city so that we can return to Bleecker Street Pizza again.
Stopped by here while visiting New York, the pizza was the best we have ever had, great food and excellent drinks, we recommend the nonna pizza! YUM! We will be back
One of the things on our list for an NY trip was a food walk around Greenwich Village. We’d seen reviews for a few top pizza shops in the area with Bleeker Street at the top of the list.We didn’t test them all but Bleeker Street had a great choice and the taste’s in the base, not just the range of toppings - crispy!Loved it - we recommend!
Recommended by our bartender at the Blue Bar in Midtown, Bleecker Street Pizza was worth making the trip to Greenwich Village. Upon entering we were greeted warmly by Greg who gave us some background information and made pizza recommendations. We chose the Nonna Maria and Grandma and were not disappointed! Both were delicious! We especially loved the thin, crispy crust! Bleecker Street Pizza is now on our list of go-to places when visiting NYC!
Las pizzas aquí son enormes y llenan mucho, una vez vine aquí con un amigo, de hecho fue él quien me recomendó este restaurante
Oh my goodness. This pizza was worth travelling from England for. It was amazing and so well priced. If you want to experience a piece of NYC head to Bleeker St pizza …. Trust me, it’s perfect
Best pizza ever. You must get the Nonna Maria. Really good good, great price. Fresh and tasty. My only issue was sitting next to trash bags inside, not that nice to do!
Visited here during a food tour and already dreaming about having that nonna pizza again. Best pizza I have ever tasted! The crust, sauce and cheese all combine to create magic!
Service was great and pizza amazing. Great to chat to Gregg. Recommend the Nona Maria pizza. Good location in West Village
Delicious pizza, definitely one of the best in New York. Great atmosphere 🤩 The owner of the place gave us some tips for our visit. WE LOVE YOU, GREG!
Remarkable pizza!! Truly! but the highlight for me is the hospitality, the owner came to speak with us, took pictures and made recommendations for the rest of our vacation here in the city, and above all kept us happy and smiling! WE LOVE YOU GREG!
One of the best pizzas I’ve had. Loved all 3 slices we tried. Staff was extremely friendly, Greg who took the time to speak to us was one of the nicest gentlemen I’ve come across in New York. We’ll be back. Much love for Montreal, Canada
Best pizza ever. Visited on a food tour. Owner talked with us and discussed the history of the business. 
Pizza muy rica, nos encantó la de pepperoni y la de pollo.Servicio rápido, hay mesas dentro para poder sentarse mientras comes
We’ve been in NYC for almost a week and have tried pizzas from Joe’s Pizza in Time Square and Grimaldi in Brooklyn. Walked by this place when we were visiting Greenwich Village and decided to give it a try. Boy were we glad we did! We weren’t even hungry that day and started out with one slice but after taking a bite decided to we needed more because they were so so good! We had Grandma’s and Pepperoni & jalapeños, both amazing. The sauce and dough were both so flavorful they bursts in your mouth. Best pizza we’ve had in NYC! Joe’s pizza is also very good but dryer and not as flavorful.
Recently stopped here on a Greenwich Village walking tour with Lori. OMG! Best pizza of my life. Gorgeous thin crust and the marinara sauce is so fresh and out of this world. The owner Greg was on site and made effort to greet us. Ownership pride shines so bright ! Thank you
Really good pizza. Best pizza we ever had. Friendly owner and a cosy place to eat. Really affordable and huge sizes. Keep up the good work!
The most delicious pizza we had in New York! Everything was so great and value for money was brilliant. Well worth a trip if you’re visiting NYC.
We went here for lunch today, and couldn’t fault the food. As we are guests to New York, Greg (the nicest pizzeria owner ever) gave us advice on where to go on different occasions, such as on a rainy day. Thanks Greg, and thanks Bleeker Street Pizza! 
Massively over hyped. Maybe this was NY's best Pizza in 1980 or whenever they won it, but they have been living off the name for some time and certainly is not now. Dirty, bags of trash piled up in the corner and pizza swimming in grease. Tripadvisor rarely gets it wrong but they do here. Avoid as miles better options all over the city. 
Amazing pizza and super friendly staff! Greg was incredibly nice and a great company!Totally recommend!
Bleecker Street Pizza lived up to its title! Delicious pizza from this “Best in NYC” pizza place! Loved the Nonna Maria with its fresh tomatoes basil and mozzarella! Greg made us feel like treasured guests at his family establishment! Thanks
If you like pizza this is the place to go. The food is amazing and the service is top notch. This is place is classic New York. You will not be disappointed.
Great pizza, great selection of soft drinks/beers etc. and a great spot to sit and watch the world go by. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful.We really liked this place.
Great pizza, great service, and great atmosphere I got a pepperoni pizza and it was absolutely delicious 9.5/10. Awesome place for the kids.
We were there as part of a food tour. The tasty pizza and extremly entertaining Greg will want you to go back for more. Highly recommended!
Loved meeting Greg and trying Nonas pizza. Wonderful pizza- definitely a must try when in the village. Very busy but tables turn over very quickly.
I’m only in NY for 2 days so wanted to get authentic NY pizza and this was definitely it! Service was friendly and efficient and the pizza was delicious
Popped in to Bleeker Street pizza as we were in the village and on the recommendation from Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed, pizza slices were huge and delicious and Greg was a great host - already recommended to others who are visiting New York soon.P.s Greg - we passed Myers’s of Keswicks on Hudson Steet who sell British food, they have marmite if you want to try it 😀
We stopped here after a long walk and got a very good pizza quickly even though there were a lot of customers. However, the best part was a really nice chat with Greg about the differences between the Finnish and US armies and of course other things as well. Greetings from the family from Finland.
My daughter and I were visiting from Oklahoma.  We went into the restaurant for lunch and not only did we get some amazing pizza but we got to meet the owner Greg.He was quite charming and entertaining. But if you want to meet him he only works on Fridays so make it a point to ask for Greg and say hello!
Awesome pizza and Greg was really great explaining everything to us! I will come back many times! ❤️
Great NY Pie! Just read the reviews on Trip Advisor. Get the Nonna Maria. That is their signature pizza. Excellant NY pizza and experience!
I don't know how they get the base so crispy. Amazing pizza. Went for the Nonna Maria on recommendation of the team there - and it was immense. Simple flavours but just perfect. Rest of the group had a cheese slice, pepperoni slice and one of the ranch chicken. All were great. Highly recommend. if it hadn't have been for it being mid morning - would have also had garlic rolls and Caesar salad - as they looked great too!! - next time!
Bleeker Street Pizza has very good pizza. My husband had a few slices of pepperoni and sausage. I chose the Nonna Maria, the house specialty. We both enjoyed our choices. Even better than the pizza was meeting Greg, the former owner, who still works there one day a week. He engaged us in a nice conversation. Greg, if you are reading this, we're your new friends from New Hampshire!
Easy to see why the reviews are so good here with a wide range to choose from, representing great value and with the friendly service you want in NYC. Pizza extremely tasty, probably the best I’ve ever had and I would be a regular customer if I lived nearer!!
Amazing food. Very authentic restaurant and amazing staff. Very fast turnaround when ordering. Staff member Greg made us feel very welcomed in and was extremely friendly, made our visit even better than it already was. He was very kinda braught us all we needed for our food and even gave us recommendations for our trip to nyc. Thank you Greg!!
We walked from Dumbo to Bleekers Street Pizza and it did not disappoint!!! We entered the shop on a freezing cold day to be greeted very lovingly by Greg the owner, I would go here again alone just to speak to him, he told us some great stories and memories he has, told us how the shop started, very interesting man. The pizza... WOW!!! Greg had recommended the Nona Maria which we had along with a few different slices, the taste of that pizza was worth the frostbite walking to it.Thank you Greg for being the nicest New Yorker that we had met on our trip, we will certainly be back over to have a chat and eat more yummy pizza.Love Lynsey and Chris from Belfast
Best pizza! A definite spot to go to when in NYC. Greg was awesome and very welcoming. Tried the Nonna Maria per his recommendation and it was amazing! 
So delicious! You must have a slice here when in NYC. Best crust ever! I wish I could go back for more1 
Used this more than once during trip to NYC in autumn 2022. Had used during a previous visit. If you don't love the pizza here, your taste buds are already dead. Quite simply amazing.
Went to Bleecker St Pizza today and tried the Buffalo Chicken, Nonna Maria, Hawaiian and BBQ Chicken. Genuinely the best pizza we have tried on our trip, the Buffalo Chicken and Nonna Maria were our favourites. We were met by Greg who was so sweet and helpful and really made us feel welcome, he spoke to us about our home in the UK and was kind enough to take a photo of us as a memento. Thank you Greg! 😊
one of the best pizza slices i have ever had and i’ve had many. met a wonderful man Greg who is friendly and who shared the history of the place . go there you won’t be disappointed and reasonably priced too.
Best pizza we have ever had .Pepperoni and Nona Maria . Both gorgeous and good price too .Still felt like and proper New York pizza place .Nice to be able to sit in too
Amazing pizza, great tasting and very ‘New York’. Just exactly what you’d expect, no frills, great price. Really recommend.
This is a must! great pie great vibe, we had gone to the fat cat for the evening and needed something good. Bleecker was it and hit the spot
We stopped by here for an early lunch. The pizza was amazing. We enjoyed sitting with Greg and chatting while he shared stories of NYC and the pizza!
D’excellentes pizzas américaines. Ils sont ultra rapides à servir t’arrives tu commandes tu repars!Les pizzas étaient très bonnes… je rêve d’en remanger une 😂
Popped in here whilst touring the city. Very warm welcome by Gregg whose happy to stop for a chat with his customers! Most importantly the pizza here was absolutely delicious 😋 would def recommend this place.... Hello Greg & happy new year to you from Deb & Steve from Bristol England
Incredible spot in NY with fantastic pizza. Cheese and Mushrooms the best ones. Great atmosphere and fast attention. Very recommendable
The pizza was excellent. So many delicious flavors and options. Greg was fantastic and made our trip worthwhile!! A must-see in New York City.
This was our first experience in NYC. You'd better know what you want, as there is impatience for holding up the process by asking questions. The pizza was ok. It was not worth a special trip. The crust and sauce were just mediocre in our opinion. We got there during a brief lull, but it got packed very quickly on a Sunday early afternoon. We did notice that John's of Bleeker Street had quite the line waiting to get in for their pizza...had when spent more time in that area, we may have tried that one.
OK, so we wanted to go to the others but queuing in the cold wasn't an option, so to find Bleecker Street Pizza was a bonus. Really enjoyed all the slices we had and the staff were helpful and friendly
Was here with my wife. Brilliant pizza, brilliant Greg! A must stop for everyone who likes pizza! Ordered the one they are famous for, don’t remember what it’s called, bit it eas really nice. They also had a good plain pizza with cheese. We might just pop by again!
Our family is vacationing over the Christmas holidays and wanted authentic NYC pizza. We had been to Bleeker Street pizza last year for a slice but this year we wanted to try the famous Nona Maria! This did not disappoint! The crust was thin and crispy, the cheese was fresh! Amazing! We highly recommend this restaurant. If you get a chance to meet Greg, he’s delightful. We enjoyed his sharing of memories about his brother and his colleagues who experienced 911 and are not forgotten!
This pizza is the real deal! Super crunchy and thin with a touch of char. Go on Friday and meet Greg, the owner.
Crazy atmosphere, lots of folks buzzing around & eating the best pizza you can imagine. Its a pizza joint in the west village and all the culture that goes with that....beautiful & delightful.
Super pizzeria, pizza vraiment délicieuse. Petite salle pour manger sur place. Un grand merci à Greg pour son accueil 😁
Would highly recommend a pop into bleaker pizza everything was great. We had chipotle chicken, pepperoni for the kids and Canadian bacon. loved them all.
Maybe I'm spiled with the quality of the pizza I get elsewhere, but I don't understand the hype this place gets. The pizza was pretty good, but nothing special. And certainly nothing to wait an hour for.
This pizza lives up to the hype. If you find yourself in the Village, this place is a must. Get a couple of slices of the Nonna Maria. The restaurant is small and seating is limited so you might have to wait. It will be worth it though.
Wahnsinnig gute Pizzeria in einer wahnsinnig schönen Gegend. Ja, man isst dort nicht wirklich schick, aber das Geschmackserlebnis zählt. Außderem wird man von Greg herzlichst schon am Eingang begrüßt und man führt dann eine nette Unterhaltung.
Pizza was AMAZING - Nonna Maria!!! Great to see Greg again! He gave my daughter a pen 1st visit this time a post card! Yes she still has the pen!
Heard good things about this place before coming to NYC. The nonna Maria slice lived up to the expectation. Best pizza slice ever.
Pizzastücke sind sehr teuer aber auch die besten die ich in New York gegessen habe. 2 Stücke reichen auf jeden Fall im satt zu werden!
We went to this place after our breakfast to try out the iconic Nonna Maria pizza slice. I think I can state that it is an ordinary pizza slice, however, the vibe of eating a pizza slice in NYC make that slice the best you have ever had.
Of all the pizza places that we tried and our trip to New York City this was the best pizza by far! The pepperoni bacon and I believe it was a sicilian pepperoni had so much cheese I can barely finish. Highly recommend
Great pizza and good range of flavour/topping choices on offer although we did just opt for cheese! Sat outside on a lovely sunny November day.
Gary was even better than the pizza, if that is even possible. He took the time to visit with us and tell our group all about the story that makes their pizza the best. My first bite was almost transcendent as the flavors hit my mouth. The BEST pizza ever!!!
We’d seen a review of the pizza on YouTube and really wanted to try it. Having didn’t the morning around the Battery Park area, we walked back towards Times Square and stopped here for food. The pizza was delicious! All four of us raved about our choices - which never happens!
Located on a busy corner it looks like one of many New York pizza joints - but walk in and you see why it is special. We were fortunate that the owner, Greg, was there to great you. His first question of all his guests is “where you from?” He serves the perfect fold-it NY pizza, in a minute, and with Greg’s whit and charm. Don’t miss out - go and get a Bleecker St Pizza!
I'm a pizza lover .I am an expert in pizza and if you are like me go to this pizzeria immediately. You will be surprised how good they are.
One of, if not the best NYC experience! Greg and the staff were fantastic, telling us stories and asking about myself and my partner while we waited. Pizza is the best I've ever eaten! I can't wait to go back. Everything that's great about NYC wrapped up into one place. Thank you! Jack & Nikita, York.
We visited on 4th November, this was on the list of places to go and so glad that we did. We were a party of 6 and everybody loved this place.Greg was a great host, he is a real character and make sure you get the chance to speak with him. If i am ever back in NY I will be going back. It's situated in Greenwich Village too so well worth the visit. Pizza made fresh infant of us, cooked perfectly and the cheese was awesome. Thank you
Bleaker Street Pizza is the epitome of New York pizza. Our family tried a variety of the pizzas and all were amazing. While there we had the pleasure of meeting a previous owner, Greg who made the experience even better. He was so friendly and a fountain of knowledge of things to do in the area. Highly recommend you stop in and give this place a try.
My husband and I are traveling to New York for an anniversary trip and wanted to make sure we got some pizza while we were here. Bleecker Street Pizza kept coming up on our searches of top places to go and it did not disappoint!! We tried a variety of slices and they’re were all delicious! Highly recommend. As tourist, my husband was taking a look at the photo wall of all the celebrities that had visited and Greg came over to talk to us. He gave us the history of the place and a post card from the restaurant for our anniversary. He was so nice and friendly and made the experience 10X better!!
We were visiting NYC for the first time in years and had to get pizza. Bleeker Sttert did not disappoint. Although they had several options, I always use the plain cheese pizza as a means of comparison and the sauce crust and cheese were perfect.
This is not my favorite NYC pizza by a long shot. Sorry. I used to say Joe’s takes the crown but now there are so many formidable spots…
Bought two nonna maria slices. Topping flavours were good but the base was the soggiest, limpest excuse for a base I ever tasted. Very disappointed after having heard such great recommendations. Maybe they were just having a bad day.
We had a slice of pizza as part of the "free tours by foot" tour. Greg, the owner, was super nice and friendly and answered all our questions about pizza, the history of the pizzeria and anything else we asked him. But more importantly - the pizza (something with "nonna') was one of the best. The crust was super crispy, just the right amount of cheese and the sauce was delish. Glad we discovered this place!
Ordered the cheese, pepperoni and Nonna Maria pizza. The pizza tasted fantastic and the crust was crispy with just the right thickness. The nonna Maria was the best. Greg was really friendly and a great photographer. 
Quite dry and crispy pizza. Maybe because we bought slices which are reheated and so baked twice. Good selection of toppings available and quite inexpensive.
Ett grab a pizza slice - ställe. Helt ocharmigt. Men, som sagt, fantastiskt pizza. Go and get a slice! Rekommenderar Nonna Maria och Grandma. Hela Bleecker Streat kan för övrigt rekommenderas.
I mean it was really good. I really liked the crust and the fact that there was a place to sit. After eating 4 different famous new york pizzas on the same day, I would say I enjoyed it, but it wasn't my favourite of the bunch 
Have been here dozens of times when in the area. In a city full of many many pizza places, this is probably the best. Get there early!
I was recommended this place by a friend and YouTube personality as one of the best pizza places in New York, and it certainly blew my mind! Got the pepperoni and sausage slice. Crust is very thin, but sturdy and crispy. All the toppings were very fresh and flavorful. Perfect balance of cheese and tomato. Having tried this and Joe's in NY, I'll probably won't be eating pizza back home anytime in the next 3 months!!
Helt fantastisk pizza, som var en ekstra togtur værd! Pizzabunden var sprød og lækker og fyldet var snasket.Personalet var meget humoristiske.
When we walked in we were looking up at the menu, totally unsure what to order, thankfully Greg walked up and recommended the Nonna Maria Pizza (followed by 2 random customers also recommending it as well) it was AMAZING! Best pizza I've ever had, Greg stopped by our table to make sure we liked it and shared some extremely interesting history of the restaurant (and took our picture for us). So glad we went out of our way to make this part of our New York experience!
Decided to go on a long walk from Times Square down 7th avenue (past Perry Street) for those Sex in the City fans, and ended up here as a reward for those miles! Excellent place, quite busy, really fast service, alcohol and soft drinks, cafe set up, pizza slices fresh as always people coming in due to its high rating, good choice, and one of the best value for money food I’ve had in New York, worth a visit
We were told that we had to go to Bleecker Street Pizza. We did. And with high expectations.And those expectations were exceeded. The pizza is just wonderful. Best my wife and I have ever had. Also ... Greg, part of the founding family, was very very welcoming - and engaging. We went back 2 days later for another pizza.David & Susan from San Francisco
We came to the neighbourhood specifically to try the pizza here and it was very good value at just $4 a slice. The highlight however was Greg who worked there; he talked to my wife and I about the pizza, the area and made us feel super welcomed. We will return just to see Greg again!
Before going to NY, I looked at the top recommended pizza establishments, and wow this pizza place did not disappoint. I ordered their speciality the noma and it was amazing, perfect crunch on the crust and then a beautiful inside. I will absolutely return
I had watched several NYC Pizza videos before travelling to NYC and lots of them mentioned Bleeker Street so I knew I had to come here. I tried a slice of pepperoni pizza, sauce was amazing and the crust was also excellent.Also, Greg noticed my accent and had a conversation with me which was nice and he gave me a postcard aswell.
Today was our second visit to this amazing pizza place. The pizza is delicious: the Nonna Maria is as good as advertised and the buffalo chicken is fantastic. We were lucky enough to meet Greg today too - hi Greg! - with whom we had a lovely chat as he told us a bit about himself and the background to BSP.This place is a long way from home for us - North Yorkshire - but if we could, we'd be very regular, loyal customers.We might even go back a third time before we fly home...
This pizza is some of the best in NYC. The flavors were so tasty and you can easily tell the quality of the ingredients. The buff chicken was my favorite but the pepperoni was top notch also. The staff was great and despite the long line everyone got through very quickly!
Often described as the best pizza in NY, is it? I don’t know, I certainly haven’t tried them all🤣 happy to keep trying others but didn’t find any we preferred. Lots of choice but having had a taster of the Nonna Maria on our food tour, had to try it again for a full slice. Lovely crispy base but really light and tasty dough and sauce.It’s a busy and cozy place but that just adds to the atmosphere which is very NY.You’ve got to give it a whirl.
The Nonna Maria pizza was amazing! The crust was crispy and soft at the same time and the ingredients were fresh and delicious. We were welcomed by Greg, who was extremely nice and found some time to chat with us about our home country :) Greetings from Poland. If we are back in NYC, we will definitely visit Bleecker Street Pizza again!
Pizza was served well, delicious and well packaged, i love the outside seating, can wait to have my lunch here again.
We had a fantastic lunch here last week. Recommend by friends we were not disappointed. Greg welcomed us immediately and advised what was best to order. He was so friendly and charming. The pizza was delicious, quick and such great value we would say to anyone to visit for a real treat .Thank you for your hospitality!!
Delicious pizza. Had the pepperoni pizza. The crust is so good. There is outside and inside seating. A restroom is the plus! The restaurant has been voted best pizza three years in a row (I think). It is really good!
We arrived at 11:15 to enter and it worked out perfectly. Great pizza and atmosphere! My teen also enjoyed that TS Cornelia St is right around the corner.. would highly recommend!
This place is great .. Greg is the owner and he is the best ! Try to talk to him if he’s around he will tell u stories about his brother( nyc police officer and keeper of the family recipes RIP) . He will also steer u right about the best pizza around .. nanos . We had a lot of great pizza in nyc area when we were there but his was the best and his garlic knots are perfect . Family owned and only one location it’s hard to beat .
Pizza was amazing. Great environment, pizza was fabulous. Gregg was super friendly. We will definitely return next time we are in NY.
We decided to visit here after seeing so many people raving about it as the best pizza in New York. Yes it is good but the best? No, we had better whilst staying in New York and probably wouldn’t make the journey out to it if visiting again.
Thank you for making our day start with delicious pizza and a nice chat with the kind Greg! Great time!
The Nonna Maria at Bleecker St Pizza is simply the best slice of pizza you’ll ever have. Crispy but light, with an amazing sauce. Even better, Greg the owner is super friendly and always up for a chat to see where people are visiting from, etc. A proper New York institution, this was our second time there and I’ll be there every single time I get to NYC.
We just visited the place today, it was our first stop, since we just arrived from Lisbon.Cannot recommend this place enough - the pizza is great!I also want to give a shout out to Greg, who’s a great story teller and gave us some tips for our nyc trip.
This is a kind of pizza you eating at 2 am completely drunk so you don’t know it is that bad. Service is fast and efficient..
We have been here twice, at lunch and at dinner time. If you want to grab a classic New York style pizza, this is the place where to go: crunchy dough and a lot of juicy cheese. The guys at counter are kind and fast and Greg is a great host.
never before have I had such delicious pizza..it is worth going to nyc for their pizza alone!:)) a word of warning though - after Bleecker, all other pizzas will fade into `acceptable` at best;( ;))
Thanks to Greg for making our experience at his restaurant a wonderful one! We visited as part of a food tour and are so glad it was one of our stops. The pizza was delicious and the owner Greg was a great host.
Amazing!! Best! Pizza! Ever!! Thanks Greg!! Fast service! Owner is the best. Great location. Super fresh ingredients!!
Visited with my husband and two teenage sons whilst we were visiting New York. It took a bit of effort to find but was definitely worth the effort when we did. The pizza was fantastic and was very good value for money. We would happily return and would definitely recommend a visit.
We made the trip to the Village just so we could have a pizza lunch here. The epitome of the New York style pizza, it’s simply the best tasting pizza you will eat. Enough said.
The Greeks (Thessaloniki) think that it’s definitely the best pizza in New York and Mr Greg gave useful advices !! (Nona Maria pizza was tha best) ;)
Came to New York wanting to have good New York style pizza. Found it and I highly recommend it! The staff was great too!! Mr Greg chatted with us a while and was very friendly. I will go back again on future visits.
We had Bleeker Street pizza on our NYC food tour and it was amazing! After we went back uptown we wish we had ordered a whole pie yo go back to the hotel! I need this pizza in Florida!
So - normally I wait to review things until I get back home, but this time... I couldn’t wait.First of all - Greg is awesome. He made the whole experience - kind, friendly, helpful.... wow - what a great guy.The food was good. I got meatball ziti and my wife got eggplant ziti - it was a lot - maybe we should have shared. But the meatballs.. amazing!!My son had pizza and a salad - so good. I had to help him with the salad, which was wonderful. Thank you so much!
Stepped into a iconic place that represents everything great about NYC! Great people, food and culture. Go and grab a slice or a whole pie! Enjoy just like we did!!! 🍕 
Lovely casual pizza stop, great for getting the feel of New York. The signature Nonna Maria had great tomato and mozzarella, but the real winner was it's crispy, thin base. Friendly staff, very helpful - they even cut a slice into three for us as we were on a self-guided walking food tour of Greenwich Village and couldn't have managed a whole slice each. My daughter went there the week before us and said it was the best pizza (of many!) that she had in NYC. Situated on a busy corner with a few tables outside where you can sit back, enjoy the pizza and soak up some NYC life.
On our mission to try lots of NYC foods, we visited Bleecker St Pizza and ordered a whole Nonna Maria pie. It was so delicious we ate all but 1 slice for lunch. The place is small & busy but has a great atmosphere. The staff was so friendly. Check this place out for pizza in NYC! 
I traveled to New York with my family and on our food tour we discovered this place. We loved it so much we came back the next day and bought a slice and a whole pizza to take back to Brooklyn to share with some other family. The have 4-6 different pizzas all the time so if you want a quick slice it is great. Ok for kids of all ages, just not too much room inside so you may consider eating outside if there is not an open table. 
Best pizza in NYC is a big deal and subject to much debate but I think most locals here would agree that you should go to Brooklyn for the best of the best. That said, there are some great places in Manhattan too and Bleecker Street Pizza is in my opinion the best slice you can get in Manhattan (there's a place called Johns right around the corner that is good too, but you cant get it by the slice). he crust is perfect, they've perfected it to get just the right thickness and the perfect crispness, its topped with a delicious tangy tomato sauce and a variety of fresh ingredients by the slice, they usually have 6 or 7 options by the slice. If you want to order a whole pie a la carte you can but its a tiny place so I would only do that if I was taking it to go. They have a special kind too called the 'Nonna' (which means grandma in Italian...apparently the recipe is from the founder's grandmother), it is very simple (tomato sauce, cheese and fresh basil) but absolutely delicious. If you want a taste of NY style pizza this is the place you need to try, they're open late too in case you've been out on the town and are looking for some tasty drunk food
The best pizza by fat, nothing comes close. Pure perfection from the crust to the sauce, not overly greasy and superb hospitality from the staff. 
Walked in here by pure chance. Was so happy that we did too! Loved each slice of pizza that we had. Highly recommend it.
We went to Bleecker Street Pizza after visiting Little Island and walking along the Hudson River. It's on a bustling corner, near old Village streets. From the moment you step in, it's unpretentious and to-the-point. Most of the clients seem to be regulars. The staff is efficient and the pizzas are displayed so you get a good grasp of what you're getting. Keeping to its matter-of-fact style, Greg, who is looking over the place, tells us (when we point out the pictures that adorn the walls) that more celebrities come here than a rehab. Then he asks us where we are from and we chat a bit about all the different people that come to the restaurant - he looks forward to seeing more people from all over the world again after the pandemic finally ends. We take our trays of pizza outside and sit overlooking the myriad characters walking around the Village. The pizza is wonderful, the ingredients are fresh, their combination is finely balanced and the crust has a nice crunch to it. Greg walks over to us and offers parmesan cheese, which tops off the pizza with a great little umami taste. When we are done, we rest for a bit, slurping on our self-serve beverages, before heading out to continue walking around. Through Bleecker Street Pizza, the city has shown a bit of its true, unassuming but generous face.
So we came up from philly to look around at some sights. We were told to go to bleeker street pizza for the best. Spot on excellent pizza. With so many spots in philly it's easy to tell REAL from fake pizza. The cheese was just enough, sauce very well balanced between acid, sweetness, and salty. Crust done to perfection. Greg, was our server, nice guy and genuinely proud of the food. Strong work bleeker street......
Really warm welcome from Greg who gave us recommendations, made sure we had enough plates, as well as 'the good cheese' for sprinkling on. Make sure you listen out for the crunch as you bite into the pizzas - not the thinnist pizza yet amazingly crisp without being greasy. The base is well balanced with the toppings and overall the pizza is affordable. Definitely try the Maria Nonna and Mushroom 👍
Outstanding sliced pizza.. Definitely top 5 in Manhattan for slices and in my opinion the top 10 in entire city.. We had a plain cheese and pepperoni pizza.Both slices were a perfect representation of New York style thin crust pizza.The crust had perfect chew and texture. The sauce was perfectly balanced in sweetness and tartness. The cheese was tasty, stringy and in proper proportion.The pepperoni slice was on same high level with only a minor gripe of being a bit too greasy but in a good way. The pepperoni was good quality.Staff is friendly. Service is quick. Turnover is high so unlikely to get a stale slice.Also, they take credit cards which is a nice bonus.This is one of the best in the city for a quick and delicious slice. 
We took a quick subway trip to eat Bleeker Street Pizza. It was amazing. The crust was perfect, the sauce was tangy but balanced. The staff was friendly and prompt with service. It was simply amazing and I will come every time I’m in NYC. Thank you Bleeker Street Pizza !
There may be slices just as good but I haven't found any better than the Nona Maria at Bleecker St Pizza. The crust is perfect, red sauce is well balanced and there is just enough cheese and basil to round it out as something to write home about. The only snafu was that my wife wanted a cheese slice with Ricotta cheese and they wouldn't make it. This is something she gets virtually everywhere and this is the only place that had ever flat out refused. I found it to be pretentious the way they said no, as if they are the only ones who know how pizza should be made. The experience would've been 5 star. 
Crisp crust, not too much red sauce, salt level is just right with right amount of cheese. Best of all, it only cost $3 for a slice of cheese pizza. I did not feel thirsty after consuming the pie, guess no MSG!
Went here due to well lets face it Pizza,the Best! Well not really. As l have worked in the pizza industry for the past 20 years, l try pizza every time l travel and usually its trip advisor why l do. The night before l had tried a slice from a pizza shop just cos it smelt nice this was yummy. So l was really wanting this to be amazing.HMMMMMMMM, the pizza crust was on point. Crispy not to flat cooked just right. The sauce, no no no. This was like eating a tomato, yes l know what sauce is made out of. this however had nothing but paste, no herbs nothing. Next came the toppings more then i thought however, the pepperoni tasted very chemically. Processed more then usual. So to me personally, the slice l had the night before from a shop l cant remember the name of was better.The service was great and friendly. I would eat from here again, however not the best or the second best l have had unfortunately. But we all have different tastes.
Blue Fin was so convenient because it was right across from the theatre where we scheduled to see ANNIE on Broadway. The staff here did an exceptional job of welcoming us and serving us. Where else but New York would your waitress also be an opera singer? The four of us enjoyed a variety of appetizers but my main selection- the truly organic chicken- was so moist and flavorful. All the others selected fish dishes for good reason, and everyone raved about what they had selected, including their outstanding sushi selections and tasty sauces. The portion sizes were perfect and none of us left hungry for sure. In fact, their dessert selections were just as satisfying especially my coconut sherbert and my friend's caramel banana ice cream. We left singing this restaurant's praises and couldn't have been better prepared to see that family musical that is back in town.
Great salad, Great martini and wine. My husband doesn't like seafood so he ordered the organic chicken which was delicious. I ordered a mahi-mahi special that was excellent. It was less expensive than we expected.
We were catching a Broadway show mid-week and wanted to take advantage of NYC Restaurant Week to try a highly-touted eating establishment in the Times Square area. Its entrance is just across the street from the TKTS discount show booth and bleachers so it is a busy foot-traffic area but once you step inside, it is quite a bit more tranquil. There is seating upstairs and downstairs (we went up) and the higher floor has no natural light and is otherwise softly lit. The tables are spread far enough apart to give you a sense of privacy but the further away you sit from the kitchen/bar area the less foot traffic you will have. Our server Chas was outstanding when available but an almost full evening kept him busy; nonetheless he was able to take care of us with our drinks, appetizers and orders (with help from others). Our sushi roll and peach salad appetizers really hit the spot and only prepared us for even better entrees (trout and hanger steak). The specials continued with desserts of sorbet and chocolate cheesecake...all good and well worth the visit.Blue Fin is a bit pricey so it would behoove those who look for quality over quantity to take advantage of Restaurant Week to visit.
We used to love Blue Fin. Once upon a time, it was one of our favorite places for sushi in the city. Admittedly, that was 10 years ago. I went about a year ago on business and was disappointed, so when we were back in the city we figured we would give it another go. I have to say, I will not be going back.The food was expensive and just not good. We also found that the restaurant is having an identity crisis and the menu is unfocused. You can get sushi, pasta, German food- at Blue Fin? I suspect that they do this to appeal to the international nature of Times Square. I hate to say it, but Blue Fin you have lost your charm and we won't be back.
My wife is fussy about seafood - freshness, natural ingredients used to add taste not overcooked, simple but honest cooking.Blue Fin is everything she likes. We called to reserve a table, but the hostess said they could accommodate us easily.Staying at 1600 Broadway at The Hideaways Club penthouse, it was a short walk in the freezing temperature, but it was well worth it.
I went against my instinct and for convenience and due to a hometown recommendation, tried the Blue Fin. Starting on a good note, the hostesses were fabulous and the wait service was above average (not great but fine). We sat at the sushi bar, which was very uneventful. Our part of the bar had only ice in the case and the sushi chef never made it down to even say hello. It was an odd place to seat us, as the rest of the sushi bar was empty when we arrived. The sushi menu was limited, with an absence of any but one choice for a vegetarian. It was disappointing the salads were more American in nature, with an absence of the traditional Japanese seaweed or ginger dressing salads (in fact there was even a Ceasar on the menu). We ordered Tabuki, vegetarian roll, and the sweet and spicy rolls. The sushi was fine, but the sweet and spicy roll was very modest in portion. Drinks were $3.50 each (soda and tea) - wow. The chocolate souffle dessert was recommended by the waiter and very fabulous.
As avid seafood eaters, we were surprised to find a seafood restaurant in Times Square. And, to be fair, expected very little given the nature of the area. The reality however was that we were very surprised! The quality of our Tuna Tartare and the raw seafood platter was excellent.Whilst the platter was only small, it was not priced to highly - and there were larger versions available at a higher price.We had no problems with the polite service that was around just enough.
Good place to go only if you need to get to the theater and need someplace nearby for an early dinner.The rainbow sushi roll with truffle gunk on top was awful. Fish was chewy and the truffle gunk was overpowering and did not go well with the fish. Plus it was an artificial truffle flavor, more like oil than the real thing. The mixed salad with kale was average and the dressing was mostly olive oil. I asked for lemon on the side to brighten it up, which improved things but nothing special.The pan fried branzini was the best thing we had, properly cooked and fresh. Veggies on the side were meh.Service was fast and responsive. No complaints there.
We chose the Blue Fin based on good reviews, a decent-looking menu, and the proximity to the theater we were going to later in the evening. We were quickly seated upon our arrival at our reservation time, and our server Emily was there fairly quickly. First on our dining agenda were mini-lobster and shrimp spring rolls. These are dinner rolls stuffed with lobster meat. The order consisted of three- not quite filling enough but tasty.My wife ordered Sullivan Farms Chicken with cranberry brine, farro risotto, bacon, and wilting greens. It was well cooked and flavorful. I had the Creekstone Farms Filet Mignon, which was tender and the accompanying celery root & wild mushroom hash, baby carrots, port wine sauce were very tasty as well. For veggies, we shared roasted brussel sprouts which were also well done.For dessert, I had the Sticky Toffee Apple Pudding which was served warm with a dollop of vanilla ice cream; my wife had hazelnut praline ice cream. Both were completely gone by the end of our meal.Service was attentive but not overbearingly so. We were surprised by the music when it started- it was pleasant and not so loud as to drown out conversation. And, the singer was sure to wish us a good night as we left.Total price before tip was just over $145- again, this is the heart of the theater district in NYC so things tend to run high but it probably wasn't all that different from other places we have eaten. They were aware we were going to a show and made sure we got out in time (not rushing us, though). Overall a pleasant experience.
Three of us, in town for business, dined at Blue Fin on a very cold Friday night. Had made reservations well in advance and boy did we need them. There are two levels with the downstairs being mid-sized and the upstairs huge. It was crowded and very loud all night long, I'd say this place is always hopping (I'd dined here before and had the same experience). We started with black bean hummus with baby veggies, truffle fries and calamari. Hummus was perfect, truffle fries yummy and calamari well prepared and seasoned. Entrees were several different types of sushi and this is where Blue Fin really shines. Their sushi is fresh and delectable. Expertly prepared and top notch ingredients. Butternut squash risotto was also very nice. Desserts were excellent, we had the berry pastry stack (fresh raspberries, homemade whipped cream), flourless chocolate cake and apple crostata. Homemade ice creams complimented cake and crostata. Excellent service with a very professional and well-informed staff. The only thing I didn't like about the experience was that the 1/2 booth we sat in was awkward and I felt like it didn't work well for three small women. This is also not the type of place to go for a quiet romantic dinner as it is crowded, loud and busy with lots of hustle and bustle. Food and service top notch. 
Was expecting more. Sushi was fine. Entree Fish was fine for 2 out of five of us. Service spotty four an empty late lunch. Veggies and side dishes were the highlight. Both hostesses pleasant. Would not return
My wife and I recently dined at the Blue Fin on a recent trip to NYC. We were staying at The W Hotel and it's in the building. The first time we tried to eat here it was easily one of the worst meals we've ever been served. My wife has pan seared halibut with gnocchi and veggies while I had grilled tuna with a broccoli rabe. Both meals were absolutely terrible. Neither of us were served our sides with the meals. My wife's fish was way over done and my tuna tasted like it had been grilled on a surface that hadn't been cleaned in years. We asked for the Manager who promptly zeroed out our bill for the meals and we left. Four days later we tried the place again because the concierge at our hotel told us it was really a good place…our experience on the return was very good. The food was very good, well prepared and quite enjoyable. I had some oysters on the half shell that were about as good as oysters can get!
I've been at Blue Fin at night for late seafood and cocktails, and it's probably because it's a hotel restaurant with a full bar in the middle of Times Square, and therefore it's always too loud and too crowded for that sort of outing (though the drinks are good).Breakfast, however, was an entirely different story.The restaurant was not entirely full, but definitely animated. Service was fast and friendly, and the food was interesting for a breakfast menu, which was much appreciated.I had the avocado toast with two poached eggs (very important to have the veggies with each forkful of avocado and egg, because the latter are unseasoned, bu the veggies carry the perfect amount and mix of seasoning for the whole dish), and the link pork sausage (which for the low price of the side provided me with three large sausages).
The only complaint is that if the weather is freezing with lots of wind, you can get chilled at a table near either the front or back door. We were there on Xmas night which was very cold. We were heading to "Kinky Boots" with no plan for dinner so we were very lucky to get seated at the sushi bar at the restaurant. My husband had shrimp dumplings, and a delicious sushi roll. I chose the chicken dish with veggies. We were both 100% satisfied. No dessert. We've also eaten at Blue Water Grill, which has the same owners, and love it, too. Big bar in front, and lots of seating upstairs. Great staff, too.
My fiance and I reserved a table at Blue Fin for a between-shows dinner, and we couldn't have been more pleased. The restaurant sat us an hour earlier than our reservation when we were ready early, and I cannot say enough about our waiter Daniel. Not only was he courteous and full of information, he didn't press us at all when we lingered over our meal for over 2 hours. The food was excellent - all of the seafood was fresh and very inventive. We had the octopus and tuna tartare for appetizers, very tasty. The four sushi rolls we tried were unusual and delicious - a great mix of very fresh fish and fresh vegetables. This is a great date restaurant, or for family or big groups. It's a bit loud, so not for an intimate evening between two, but if you want a fun dinner experience that is AWAY from a chain, we highly recommend this. One last note, the special sushi roll, a spicy crab roll with fresh veggies, was so good that we recommended the restaurant put it on their permanent menu! Don't ignore the specials!
Ever find yourself in Times Square looking for breakfast? What do you want? Something light? Something heavy? Something healthy?Can't decide? Go to Blue Fin.I would have preferred to get the Salmon Benedict, but I'm on a diet, so I chose the Farmer's omelet. Not really diet food, but close enough on vacation.This is an egg white omelet - as fluffy as any "real" omelet I've had - with zucchini and green beans (both of which were al dente and not mush). What makes it not so great for a diet is the veggies were cooked in a good bit of butter and I couldn't resist the homefries (really roasted, skin-on), which included yellow- and red-bell peppers. Plus, the coffee cups never went dry without an offer to refill.I know, you're thinking, "But don't you wonder about the benedict?" No, because my wife picked up on the hint and ordered them. When was the last time you had a homemade English Muffin? The blue fin serves all of theirs, classic, salmon or lobster, on one. Purists will insist that Hollandaise includes tarragon, but you don't often find it. Here, you side with the purists without being overwhelmed by it.Can't wait to spend enough time in The City to see how they do lunch and dinner.
My daughter was in search of a sea food restaurant with sushi and found this restaurant on the internet. Prices were a bit above average for New York but not outrageous. All of us ordered soup as an appetizer and these were the highlight of the meal. One of my friends and I ordered the special squash soup with a lump of chestnut puree. This soup was excellent. I wish I had stopped there. My friend, a vegetarian, ordered a beet salad that was interesting but not good-tasting. My wife and daughter ordered a sashimi entrée and found some of the fish items especially the eel to be insipid. I ordered the filet mignon. It was served with a brown sauce. The tenderloin was supposedly from a farm in upstate New York. I found that the beef and the sauce lacked flavor and did not have the silky smoothness that tenderloin normally has. The wine list was expensive. I ordered a Malbec that was very good. It was one of the cheapest wines on the list but a good value for what I paid.We sat down around 6:45. The restaurant was crowded and noisy. However, the place almost completely emptied out around 7:30 as the crowd rushed to the theater. I did not get the impression this was a local gem frequented by locals.The restaurant was good at adjusting the food to suit my gluten intolerance but did not offer any gluten free bread and had only one gluten free item on the dessert menu, a cranberry crème brulee. The crème brulee was good but not exceptional.
The choices are not many for vegetarians, but I will tell you what I ordered and adored: the salad and a side order of cauliflower. Sorry I can't remember the ingredients of each, but they were simply done to perfection - both of them.I don't know what I would have ordered if I didn't choose these - I don't think there was anything else available, though the waiter suggested I order a "vegetable plate". So the choice was narrow, but a great success.BTW great service. We told him we had a show to catch, and he was particularly speedy.
We went to Blue Fin at the Brookfield mall downtown NYC. They offer both take away and table service. We opted for the latter. We ordered a kale salad with tahini dressing and 2 spicy seafood roll (tuna and scallop) and 2 vegetarian rolls (avocado and shiitake mushrooms). Very filling and utterly delicious! 
We were staying at the W and 10 of us dined at the blue fin. Service was great, lobster and seafood towers were great. Vegetarians catered for.We had children in the group who had shorts on, but they did not feel out of place.
We chose this restaurant because we were faced with the challenge of entertaining a very discerning fish-eating but otherwise vegetarian French foodie. Given the mixed quality of the offering in the area, Blue Fin passed muster by a reasonable margin. The food was well-cooked and well-presented. The wine list is extensive, the cheese was excellent and the puddings were lavish. The service was friendly and discreet - although the suggested tip of 22% was a little high by European standards - having said that, we paid it because the service was so good. The surroundings are modern and elegant. All in all, I would probably rate it 3.5 out of 5 if Tripadvisor provided this option.
Dishes were tasty and well prepared. A few more vegetarian and chicken dishes need to be on the menu. The desserts are great too. Bouquets to Adrian, the server and the chef.
In times square fine dining is not always that easy to locate but the Blue FIn located in the W was an excellent choice. The Seafood is fantastic but there are almost no options if your a vegetarian. We also had breakfast at the blue fin which was also good but the service was a bit off in the morning. 
We were going to see a show on a Saturday night and walked around looking for a restaurant to inspire us as did not have anything particular in mind. We were told there was a wait but then were seated upstairs in a nice booth right away. We were a party of 5 including one teen and one vegetarian. We had interesting cocktails. 2 had sushi, tuna for the teen, and vegetarian rolls. The entrees were good for the most part, one fish dish was undercooked and took a while to get the waiter back to the table. The vegetarian had the warm beet, goat cheese salad, the teen had the rhubarb strawberry pie with coconut ice cream after her sushi. The crispy skin salmon with risotto was the star. The atmosphere was modern, elegant and we noticed most of the customers were couples, no young children.
We stopped in for dinner the crab cakes were fantastic with kimchi spiced crab fingers.  And the miso glazed sea bass was delicious Charles gave us superb service and went overboard ensuring that my wife’s gluten allergy was not compromised  And the tables were not uncomfortably close as many NYC restaurants place them 
This used to be my #1 choice in the theatre district and I was thrilled when it reopened. I was, as a gluten-free person (not by choice), less than thrilled with the menu. I wanted fish or sushi but the only GF fish main course fish dish was salmon, which I don't like. There wasn't any gluten-free sushi at all. There were plenty of meat and poultry options, but that's not what I had in mind. Very disappointing. The service, cocktails, and Greek salad were wonderful, but under the circumstances, I won't be back.
I went with my wife before a Broadway show. The location is very convenient, right on Times Square. Service from Rayshawn was excellent and the atmosphere was nice. We ordered the Tuna and the Salmon. Both were well cooked and well seasoned. We needed the salmon to be prepared gluten-free and the kitchen was able to accommodate.
Went here before a show and the service was quick and they got us out on time. Ambiance not as nice as I expected for such a fancy place, it was spacious and not a lot of decor except for the ultra cool glass jellyfish. I am an admitted food snob and I found their butternut squash soup to be way too sweet! The octopus appetizer was nicely presented and had a nice taste. Their table breads were very good - we tried regular and also gluten-free. Chilean sea bass was flavorful but portion quite small and I don't like when places leave the skin on, especially on the top. yuck. Crispy rice puck was enjoyable, even though it didn't taste like much. OVERALL - fine place to go before a show but realize you will drop big bucks and the meal will be pretty good - not amazing.
The sushi is excellent! Best sushi I’ve ever had. The staff was excellent and extremely interactive. I have celiac and they brought out gluten free bread, tamari, and let me get whatever I wanted on the menu and made it gluten free. Expensive, but great experience.
As I was checking into the W, I was told about this restaurant, which was adjacent to the hotel. I had the hotel concierge make me a reservation for that evening. What an amazing first meal on my NYC trip. They had a great wine list and the sushi was so fresh and delicious. The service was excellent; they were very attentive to my gluten free needs. This restaurant is in a great location, so much to do pre- or post meal. Will go here again. Highly recommend!
This was an impromptu lunch stop after striking out at the TKTS booth across the way. We were hungry, disappointed and not too eager to try to brave the Times Square crowds so soon. A quick search on the gluten-free app showed that this could be an option. We walked across the way to look at the menu, and decided to give it a shot. I mean heck, I love me some seafood, and thankfully, my girls do, too. Walking in to the foyer, you see a hostess stand, a bar along the back wall, and a large flight of stairs to the left. It was only after we were seated that we realized that the top part of the building was a different restaurant altogether. We weren't given an option at the stand as to which one we wanted to dine in. Maybe because we didn't have reservations? Or maybe we looked too causal, too much like tourists? Anyway, we were at a small table opposite the door, which was unfortunate in that we got a gust of cold air every time they opened. Our waiter was friendly enough, but he seemed a bit distracted. They were all running between the bar on our level and the restaurant upstairs, so I'm sure he was just busy. He did take the time to hear our allergy alert, and to answer our questions. We decided to share the seafood platter (the "balcony" version), as well as a spicy tuna roll and a Dynamite roll. The odd thing is that they brought out pastries to start with. There was a scone, a biscuit and a slice of some kind of carrot cake. Didn't really go with the seafood theme, but of course the two of us who could consume flour ate them. We were afraid we'd still be hungry after our meal, but it turned out we ordered just enough food; we were satiated without being stuffed. My favorite thing on the seafood platter was the ceviche. Shame it came in such a small cup! Wait, let me back up. The platter came with oysters, mussels, squid rings (not fried calamari), crab legs, ceviche and clams. While everything was fresh and tasty, my favorite - as I mentioned - was the ceviche. It was just perfectly prepared, not too citrusy, not too bogged down by other ingredients. The spicy tuna roll was also very good (my husband would have approved), but the Dynamite roll really wasn't. It was just kind of bland, which was surprising, given all the spice notes rolled up in it. Overall, it was a good lunch meal to tide us over, and allowed us to feed the seafood urge. Our waiter was friendly enough, but he probably could've used a hand that day. 
Booked Blue Fin for a pre-theater dinner for my family. Forgot about its being right in Times Square, which is probably why its so crowded. Despite having a reservation, we were seated on the second floor in a room in the back. My feet didn't touch the floor (I am 5'5"). However, it was quieter than the main dining room, so that was a plus. Things started out well, ordered drinks, but had to ask for water. (Only bottled beer, much to my son's surprise. Extensive wine list.) The waiter was knowledgeable. We asked for 5 minutes to consider our dinner order after finding out that the only gluten free entrees were in the small portion of the menu marked "grilled." At least the waiter was aware that every other entree had gluten. Well, at least 15 minutes passed before my husband hunted down the waiter and we were able to order. We ordered our dinners and sides, and then waited, and waited for our dinners. Finally, we asked for bread. My husband finally got up and got a water pitcher to refill our water glasses, as no one came by for that (and we must have been invisible as no one seemed to notice our waving.) We asked for the check with our dinners as we had no confidence that anyone would be coming back anytime soon. My husband's dinner came 10 minutes after the rest, after we had been told that dinner was taking a long time as they were making sure everything was done at the same time (we only had 5 in our party). The manager took my husband's dinner off the bill without our asking. Was my grilled branzino good? Yes. The sides, truffle fries, broccoli and brussel sprouts, were good as well, no one had complaints except my husband's lobster pot pie was just ok. Nothing was amazing. In future, I will remember to book a restaurant out of the Times Square area.
Delicious food, fun, relaxing ambiance. I have several terrible allergies and the restaurant accommodated them very well. They helped me figure out what I could eat that was gluten-free, peanut-free and met my other allergies as well. They made it seem effortless when I know that it usually is anything but effortless to find food I can eat. When I wanted to try sushi for the first time, the waiter got help to figure out what sushi I would like and be able to eat. I love that he was willing to ask lots of questions of both the chefs and me to make sure he understood everything. Well done, Blue Fin!
Absolutely, was the answer I got when I asked if we could be seated @1pm. Instead if our 2pm. reservation time.Not only did they have mouth water selections for my Gluten Free friend; my second companion that day does not try anything new,& was very pleased.Her desert was decorated for her birthday!
Located very conveniently on Times Square, the breakfast menu drew us in (2 couples). When we asked whether they could cater for gluten free, a very confident yes was the result (server had coeliac & so able to explain how food was cooked with confidence as he understood the impact of cross contamination). Relatively high prices but quality of breakfast items was very good (menu explains some origin of products eg free range eggs) which meant that we came back 5 days running (didn't go anywhere else for breakfast) but noticed a difference (only slight) on the last day Saturday when there were different waiting staff). Also, can be a bit draughty (was winter & extremely cold) and there was work being carried out in the hotel one day which was quite noisy.Never had a problem being seated even got us a booth when we asked but at a busier time of year, that may be different. Would recommend for breakfast but cannot speak for dinner but would say dinner prices are high according to the menu. 
Not only was everyone's meal exceptional, and the waiter adorable, and the location and atmosphere perfect for friends to visit and then attend a Broadway production, but we all oohed and ahhhed at the terrific GF meal one of our party enjoyed!Oh and the martini's hadn't even hit us yet, but when they did... Ooo lah la!
As a sole diner with a need for a strict gluten free diet I was appalled at the service here on the 15th Oct 2013. The wait staff were snooty, arrogant and aloof. They were barely interested in my dietary needs, even suggesting that I go elsewhere when it became apparent I couldn't order straight off the menu. Since it was 430pm and the place had only two or three other customers I couldn't understand why I was being received in such a manner. The grilled fish, when it eventually arrived, was also uninteresting and basic. Very disappointing.
If you like sushi, this is the place to be whether you are gluten free or not! The combinations were delicious! We thoroughly enjoyed the basil salmon roll!
Alexys was the best server and gave great recommendations! Would definitely go back for the sushi and cocktails! 
Amazing place on Times Square! Alexys was the best- it was a pleasure meeting him and enjoying great sushi!
Wow! The food and service were fabulous! We enjoyed the crab cakes, lobster bisque, and sushi filled by the chocolate diva for dessert. So good!
Keron was amazing server made my experience all the more great with his great energy & manners. My friends and I will definitely be back.
A large group of us came in last minute and they were able to accommodate us the best they possibly could. Our party was paying in separate checks which can be intimidating for a larger group but our server Keron was incredible and handled everything very well. Keron made amazing suggestions from the menu when we asked and the food was amazing. Great service and our party enjoyed our time very much. 
Keron, you the man!!!!! The experience was amazing, the food is amazing and our waiter Keron K was the best! Highly recommended, the food and drinks, yummy yummy 😋 
Great spot at Times Square for a casual, fine seafood dining. Welcoming and unpretentious. All 3 appetizers were excellent -- the Blue Points were especially sweet . Our mains (fresh-caught fillets), sumptous sides (mac and cheese) and the dessert (bread pudding) were tasty and presented well. Our server, Cuyton, deserves high marks for his attentive service and easy manner. We were there on Marathon Weekend and we still had "elbow room" and more at our table. Overall a great place. And, the aquatic lighting of the lobby / grand staircase creates overall a very cool vibe. We'll definitely eat here again.
I come here all the time before i go to the play, and I love it! The food is good and fairly priced! The servers are usually great and attentive, this time we had Keron “K” and he didn’t disappoint.
Beautiful environment and good food! This restaurant is as pretty as the picture.it's in the heart of Times Square and I enjoyed the experience. 
I love this place great atmosphere great vibes. Don’t go if you’ll be on bs honestly. Won’t lie probably the only establishment that has taken the most out of me. 😭 but it’s okay I love the food and everything. I love Keron as my waiter as well he has always looked for me when I went there.
Blue Fin was amazing, a wonderful ambience as a getaway from the chaos of Times Square. I ordered the Shanghai tuna and my friend got the miso bass, all were incredible, and our server Clayton really made our night! He was so attentive and thoughtful in his recommendations when I wasn't sure what to get. I will definitely come here next time I'm in NYC
Thanks to "K" the service was everything we were looking for and more. The food and the atmosphere made it even better, definitely will be back. 
Sushi was fantastic, my favorite was the Crazy Shrimp roll which our lovely waitress Roman suggested. Will definitely be back!
This experience definitely was money well spent. Our server Keron “K” made my dining experience one for the ages as he navigated me throughout the menu. In the beginning he mentioned that I would leave the restaurant feeling better than good, and it is safe to say that he definitely delivered on that promise. 
Keron was super attentive. Food espectacular.Cossy vibes. I order blue fin sushi and. Lavander mojito. 
Alexys took very good care of us, dinner was delicious. Atmosphere was lovely & comfortable. Clean & spacious
This is a great spot to go to before hitting up a Broadway show. It is clean, the service is great and the food was delicious! Easy walk to Times Square and Broadway from, even in those high heel shoes. Highly recommend!
First of all, I was impressed with the decor. I was not expecting such a fancy place. The food was great. All ingredients fresh and great tasting. We shared an appetizer of Lobster and Shrimp spring rolls with a mango/coconut spicy sauce that were great. We then ordered the Times Square, Truffle Rainbow and West Side Rolls, all very fresh and with complex yet delicious flavors. To cap the brunch off, we ordered the Buche de Noel (a special Yule roll) that was just DECADENT! If it wouldn’t have been in bad taste, I would have licked the plate clean. But the best part was the service, provided by Brandon Cotton...he made a good experience great, by asking about our preferences and suggesting items from the menu. Very professional, polite and with a very warm and caring disposition. We will be back, and if you can, ask for Brandon!
Very relaxed place right by Times Square. Modern and clean interior. The staff was friendly and reasonably efficient. We ordered sushi and some beers. The sushi was really good, especially the Rocket Man Roll. 
This establishment is very nice! The food was excellent, great customer service and very well decorated. The bathrooms were clean a pet peeve of mine. Keep in mind it's a bit pricy but well worth it.
We went here for lunch on Saturday. Greeted by a lovely lady. We were upstairs. The lovely lady left her post and showed us where the elevator was a we had someone with us who was unable to climb the stairs. The restaurant was buzzing, great atmosphere and the staff were super friendly, attentive and the menu was great. Very clean and the food came out without waiting too long even though it was busy. If you like sushi and fish then this is the place for you.
I used to love Blue Fin so I planned Christmas dinner there after the theater. It was shocking to see the chairs so stained and the bar area so grimy looking. But we stayed. I was served a glass of wine in a crusty lipstick-stained glass. The waiter was embarrassed and I watched him wash and wipe two other glasses in order to provide something clean. Still. we stayed and ate dinner. The halibut was delicious and so was the paella. The waiter tried to make things better and was very kind.
This restaurant does a great breakfast. Not the cheapest but very clean and staff lovely and the breakfast roast potatoes are amazing.
We got into NYC late on a Friday and had not made dinner arrangements. Blue Fin was across the street from our hotel in Times Square and did not have a wait so we gave it a try. The inside was bright, clean and fairly contemporary. We were seated upstairs and our server quickly appeared to greet us. He was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu which was great because we did need his advice. We started with a glass of wine and the Spicy Tartare Trio. The fish was absolutely fresh and great with the crispy wontons. I had the Chilean Sea Bass as my entree and was very happy with my decision. My husband actually decided to get the Filet Mignon over a fish dish and he was not disappointed. He let the chef decide how to prepare the beef and really enjoyed it with the mushroom hash. The portion sizes were perfect, there was no room for dessert or coffee after this meal. Would not hesitate to recommend Blue Fin for dinner when you're in the Time Square area.
We were looking forward to a seafood dinner with some sushi after making plans for dinner here. Sadly, it was nothing more than average.My son was just getting sick when we arrived. His opinion of the restaurant was that the restroom was free of any odors. He has a sensitive nose, and the smell of food was not helping his condition. The men's restroom on the second floor is clean and smell-free.My daughter had the bouillabaisse and it was delicious. She was the winner at ordering. I had an unmemorable sushi roll and salmon entree. My wife ordered the steak special. It was WAY overcooked. She asked for Medium and it came brown throughout. She did send it back which is very unusual for her. The chef reported through the server that it was the cut of meat, not the cooking. Whatever...I cannot recommend this restaurant. Outside of my daughter's meal, any chain can serve this quality of food.
This was our first meal in the city it is situated in Times Square it is a modern and clean and tidy restaurant and the staff are very attentive, good and efficient without being overbearing.We had starter of calamari which was very nice and the mains of salmon and sea bream both cooked well and very tasty.The drinks are expensive but we knew that when we ordered and also knew we were paying for the location in fact I had anticipated for its location the prices would have been higher. That said the food was very good and the atmosphere relax and not rushed so we never felt a need to hurry up as you do in simular located places.
excellent breakfast everyday!! clean and in the perfect setting :)))very good portions and it was enough to set you up for your day ahead.Service was first class.
Returned to the Blue Fin as food and service excellent arrived in NY on Thursday Eve and went for Breakfast on Friday morning great location just on Times Square and the food looked and tasted good and the service was outstanding as well. Me and my good friend went but i had been several times before on different visits and this was my friends first time and he loved the food. The Restaurant is very clean and in a great location and within walking distance of all. If you visit NY you must pay a visit to Blue Fin
Really enjoyed this spot, across form the Double Tree in Times Square. We actually returned their several times for lunch during a business trip! Beet salad is fabulous. Had sushi and crab cake for lunch. Servers are very attentive, very clean, food all good!
We were told prior to our visit to avoid bars and restaurants in Times Square but we loved Blue Fin. Very sexy and high energy place which matched the energy of Times Square. The sushi was better than some of the sushi we have had in LA. Katsuya is our favorite in Los Angeles and we thought Bluefin ' s dishes were comparable. Music was great and the bathroom was clean.Would go back if we stayed in Times Square again.
Keron “K” was the best! The food was great. Sushi is definitely the way to go here. Very fresh. The Great Escape margarita was also very delicious. 
Keron was great! He accommodated out table’s allergies. His recommendations were also great. Definitely recommend! 
I am from Philly and my boyfriend and I have seen 2 Broadway shows within the last month. We visited Blue Fin twice. The food is great and the service is equally as great. Alexis was our server both times. He is efficient, polite and an all around good guy!!
This is gem located right in the heart of Times Square. The atmosphere was lovely, the food delicious. Our server Keron, was attentive and provided top notch service. I can't wait for our next trip to NYC to visit again 
The food was fantastic and the server gave me a lactose free meal at the last minute which was truly delicious and beyond expectation. The restaurant is beautiful and a short walk to the theatre where we were going. They were very mindful of our time constraint to get to the play, and made sure we were done in plenty of time. Highly recommend for a theatre night.
Had an excellent experience at Blue Fin before our Broadway show. Started with the Bang Bang Rock Shrimp and Shishito Peppers. I then chose the Scallops served over a bed of grilled corn, perfectly cooked, melted in your mouth. And the service provided by Alexys was terrific. We could not decide between two desserts so he put together a nice combo of both. Wonderful time. Will definitely consider returning for our next Broadway trip. Thank you, Alexys 😁
We had a great Thanksgiving sushi night! Alexys, our server was funny and took great care of us. Thanks for a memorable dinner!
Our Server Keron made our dining experience very enjoyable…will go back again and the food was great!
Katya at the bar kept me company during my dinner ! Very professional happy with the drinks she made what I asked outside the menu 
We had a lovely meal. Everything was delicious and our server Sophia was very attentative! Wonderful experience. 
We went there for dinner recently and the food was excellent, The Chilean sea bass was amazing and the roasted chicken was the same!!! Our server "Alexys" was perfect, attentive, polite, and no pressure and no attitude. He was a great waiter. If you get to try this restaurant, ask to sit in "Alexys" section. He will take care of you
we love this sushi spot, located in the heart of times square. we were seated so quick, and our server adrian so kind, thank u for the food recommendation. we definitely recommend.
Wonderful food and a great venue. Sushi was amazing and the Chocolate Divas were perfect! It was busy but staff were attentive.
I had asked for assistance and Keron helped me with my order. He was very helpful and attentive throughout the night! Will definitely go back.
This restaurant was a perfect place for dinner on a girls' night! The atmosphere was relaxed, chic and fun. Chef Cal was amazing from the crab cakes to the perfectly cooked steaks. The waiter, Keron aka"K" was very attentive, made good recommendations & treated us like VIPs. When your name is a letter how can you not be cool? Then drinks at the "W"! We brought a couple of teen girls with us and they got to enjoy Times Square after. Great if you are local or visiting.
Our entire party thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Blue Fin. The lobster starter is amazing - large enough to pair with a side and call it dinner. I had their special starter - gazpacho which was excellent. The Roasted Beet and Goat cheese Salad was another favorite of the crowd. All of our entrees were very good as well. I had the Thai Bowl which I loved. It had a small lobster tail, shrimp, calamari and mussels in a spicy curry broth. While Blue Fin primarily features seafood and sushi, they also have a couple of steaks on the menu that are terrific.The ambiance is vibrant which is fitting that the local is Times Square. This is a favorite of our friends who brought us here and is now a favorite of ours. Reservations are recommended.We enjoyed this unique, locally owned restaurant which is surrounded by so many chain establishments.
I was looking for a decent meal before heading off to see a local show and with good Zagats ratings, I decided to try Blue Fin. This place has amazing location, on Times Square and sharing a building with the W Hotel. Noisy and bustling with a theater crowd, I was seated quickly (need a reservation). And things moved alongThe menu is a mix of sushi and fish, although there are dishes for non-fish eaters The sushi was quite good and fresh. Although the Halibut dish was possibly a little over cooked (although the gnocchi it was on was outstanding). The desserts were quite good and portions large I don’t know if I had a rookie waiter, but he was awkward and pretty slow on the drinks order (had to remind him). Overall, decent food, incredible location and uninspiring service. If you want a quick and better than average meal before the theater, try Blue Fin (but stick to the sushi)
I was in town for work and decided to try this place based on reviews. I sat at the sushi bar and had a great experience. The wine list is excellent and wow was the halibut tasty! I came back two nights later for oysters and sushi. Is it expensive? A bit but it is New York in the middle of Times Square. It does not feel like a tourist restaurant and I actually ended up sitting next to locals both times. If you are a seafood lover this is the place for you. Excellent quality, great selection and very nice ambiance.
I recently took my daughter to Blue Fin for lunch. I had been there once before a few years back for dinner and enjoyed the meal. The restaurant decor has been redone since my last visit and it is quite nice and inviting. The restaurant was full with local business folks and tourists. We had a reservation and were seated right away. The waiter was slow to arrive, but did attend to us after I waived him down. After that the service was okay, not attentive though. I ordered the Blue Fin Salad. The description of the dish says " colossal lump crab, charred avocado etc" priced at $29.00. The dish was a colossal disappointment. The crab meat was not colossal and in fact it was hard to find. While not a small dish, it was not an overly large serving and it was overpriced. Admittedly, despite being a crab dish I compare it to the Lobster Cobb at Oceana which is in my opinion is the best Lobster Cobb in the CIty. My daughter had the herbed chicken sandwich which was okay. In summary, I liked the City vibe midtown lunch crowd at Blue Fin, but the service was just okay and it was overpriced. Menu needs some work for those prices.
Blue Fin has a very eclectic menu filled with locally sourced food. It is beautifully served and always fresh and delicious. They have a great sushi menu and a large raw bar menu as well. Great cocktails and the bar has a full window onto Times Square so there is always great people watching!!
a great location right on Times Square, southwest corner of Broadway and 47th specializing in seafood, stylish interior, a great waiter who could easily play a waiter in any of the famous theaters nearby, my guest and I had a memorable evening....but enough about the place in general as I see there are many reviews already....my grilled calamari appetizer was perfect! at most eateries calamari is served as fried rings.. which is ok, sure but not like these!! different experience; small, super-fresh, locally caught off Montauk, Long Island; three fish so a good size portion for an appetizer; the main challenge with calamari of course is texture and this is where the chef got it just right, a good "bite" though meaty feel, not rubbery; the sauce (salsa verde?) was just right complement, not overpowering; the menu changes so I hope they have this when you go so you can taste this special treat
I was in town and wanted Sushi. I went with the recommendation from the hotel and picked Blue Fin. I had edamame, red hot roll and miso chile lobster salmon roll. All three items were great. The red hot roll had the right level of hot. I also had a local IPA, Captain Lawrence, Hop Command IPA. I'm going back the next time I'm in the city. Enjoy!
The meals are over priced and terrible. There are much better valve meals almost anywhere else, just eat where the locals eat. This is always best praise. I ate 2 breakfast there, and i could say it was the worse tasking bland food i have eaten in some time.
Bar only 17 April 15 Drinks after day sightseeing Bar very crowded. NYC prices. Great place at 47th and Broadway - the Duffy Square area - to really watch Times Square on parade, both the locals and the tourists. Drinks are stiff.  
We made a reservation based on Trip Advisor recommendations and expectations were not met. We were warned to avoid blue drinks and we should have heeded the advice. Too sweet and just a medicinal taste... Avoid the Blue Fin cocktail. The spring rolls were delicious and the sushi was 'fishy'. The big disappointment was our shared entree of halibut with crab...the crab were no shows but after we inquired a generous portion was delivered. The halibut was dry and potato pasta was tasteless... A serving of truffle fries were crisp but also dry and catsup didn't overcome the tasteless dish. The one bright spot was service which was attentive and spontaneous. I might try Blue Fin again if I needed a sushi fix but our local HEB surpassed their effort.
We came across this gem of a restaurant when we googled seafood restaurants near Times Square. I am really picky with my seafood as I as one of my hobbies is fishing and where I came from in Tasmania, Australia has some of the best seafood in the world. We managed to get in and were impressed with the atmosphere the service and the quality of the food. I had the PAN SEARED ALASKAN HALIBUT which came with herb gnocchi, jumbo lump crab, petit portobellos, arugula it was really good I had not eaten Halibut but I thought it had a nice texture and taste. My wife had the CRISPY SKIN SCOTTISH SALMON with local corn, edamame & spring onion ragout, bacon, creme fraiche, dill which she really enjoyed. It was great that they asked how she wanted the salmon cooked as we find it is often served rare which is not to her liking. The only issue I had with this restaurant is that I was cold being faced with my back to the window due to a cold draft.
I had a fantastic dinner here last Saturday. Despite being in the middle of Times Square this place is not to be missed, even by locals! First impression, the restaurant itself is beautiful, definitely not what I expected from the outside. We were seated upstairs and it was the perfect amount of elegant but not stuffy. People were talking but it is by no means loud. Food was delicious. Started with raw bar, clams, which were super fresh. I had the catch of the day and my date had the lobster. Everything was very good. We chose to have a leisurely dinner and the service was perfect; attentive but not overbearing. It was a great way to start the night.
This restaurant group has several seafood outlets in Manhatten but some are not that convenient to get to if you are in Midtown. Blue Fin is right at Times Square, so for theater district fans, this is a good place for seafood. We had lunch before a theater matinee on Wednesday. They take reservations, which are probably a good idea to make. Service was fine and the decor is pleasant. The food was very good. We had soup and seafood thai rolls for appetizers, both very good. We had salads for mains, one beet and the other seafood cobb, again both very good. We shared a dessert, but it was just ok. Prices were moderately high, but for locals, probably just moderate. We had one beer and the bill was about $100 with tax and tip.
Excellent service. Our food tasted so fresh, and our server Alexys really took care of us. Can’t recommend this joint enough
Triston our server was excellent! He was always available & offered great suggestions on menu items. Fish was fresh & deliciously prepared. Drinks were average at best. Overall a revisit for sure! 
The restaurant is centrally located with a fabulous interior. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. We sat at the Bar and Denise made sure we understood what we ordered and that it was to our liking. The food came out so quick and fresh. TRY THE SEABASS!
Absolutely loved Keron as a server. We were tired and hungry after a long day of travel. He was patient, attentive and the service was great. The sushi rolls were fresh and delicious and the sea bass appetizer, while small was fantastic. 710-7421
My wife and I returned to New York this weekend to visit our son who just moved here for a year. We had last eaten at Blue Fin just before the pandemic so it had been a while. The dinner last night, as well as the atmosphere, was even better than we remembered and believe me, our last experience was great. We opted to order a variety of sushi rolls and they were flavorful, fresh and extremely tasty. We also had the sea bass bites to start with which, though on the smallish side portion-wise, had a delightful sauce. I would be remiss if I did not mention that our server, Lilly, was outstanding and extremely attentive to our needs, questions and on making our experience so pleasurable. Lilly definable enhanced the entire dining experience. When we commented on how much we all loved the sauce on the appetizer, she offered and brought out to us additional side portions of the sauce so we could use that on the tuna and salmon rolls which only enhanced the flavor of the sushi. We would strongly recommend dining at Blue Fin and would also make it a point to ask for a table serviced by Lilly when you make your reservation,you will not regret it one bit. Again, a 5 star experience for both Blue Fin and Lilly!!!
My family and I recently dined at Blue Fin and had a fantastic experience. The food, especially the sushi, was fresh and delicious. Our waiter, Tristen, was very attentive, charismatic, and has a wonderful taste for sushi. He made sure we had everything we needed. I highly recommend this restaurant!
Great food. Tried several items on the menu all very fresh and tasty. Our waiter Alexys took very good care of us. Would definitely go back again
We enjoyed an excellent dinner at Blue Fin prior to going to a Broadway show. The place gets very busy so we were glad that we had made a reservation. Our server Tristan was personable, friendly and accommodating. As a budding actor, he made the evening fun and entertaining. My wife's lobster bisque and beef filet made her happy, and she loved the butter scotch bread pudding. My seared salmon was also very good. A new salad on the menu, with beets, goat cheese and pistachios, was fresh and absolutely wonderful and a highlight of the dinner. We look forward to returning for the delicious seafood and the fine service. 
Had a solo dinner last evening with Tristan as my server. It was the first meal on my trip where I did not feel judged for being alone. Tristan was attentive and and great with offering suggestions. The food was fantastic, very fresh, and perfectly seasoned and cooked. Highly recommend, and be sure to request Tristan as your server.
Fresh sashimi scallops were some of the best I've ever had. The specialty rolls were unique and delicious. The service was smooth and quick enough for me to finish in time to catch my play. Server Alexys was efficient and helpful in that respect.I was expecting higher prices for the times square location but it was much more reasonable than expected, especially compared to how surrounding restaurants boost their costs.
The seafood was fresh and the staff were very attentive. Good choices in sushi a number of creative options 
Blue Fin offers flavourful fresh sushi in a creative way and plenty of cooked choices as well. Large restaurant with a lively scene. Music is loud making it fun anytime of day. 
Sushi pas vraiment top et franchement quand on voit le prix pour 36 pièces de 140 dollars je me dis que c est un peu du foutage. Mais bon au abord de Time square rien d étonnant
The food and service was amazing. My server Keron was excellent with his service and guiding us through the menu to find what we liked. Would definitely be coming back and recommending it to my friends/family!
The menu featured numerous Japanese foods; among our likes. Our server, Cayton, was friendly and very helpful with food choices. Service was prompt and courteous and the food was as described and excellent. Blue Fin will be at the top of our choices for dining in the theater district and Cayton will be requested. 
Really nice place at Time Square. Shared a few starters and went for sushi later on. Most of it tasted great, apart from a few sushi’s which had cheese in them. Unfortunate that they did not have any non-alcoholic drinks apart from the coca-cola brands. The service was okay, but we had to wait quite a while for the check even though not many people were dining that night.The biggest remark is the music, which was very loud and very bad. Cheap covers of famous pop and rock songs all evening long. Kind of ruined the vibe for me.
Our time here was amazing! I went with my wife and kids and they all loved it. Our Server Keron was great with our kids and making it easier to take our order. Definitely coming back with the family soon!
Me and my husband had such a wonderful time here! The food was amazing, the atmosphere was really nice and beautiful. I loved the jellyfish that hangs from the ceiling over the stairs!! Our server Keron was wonderful as well and suggested really nice dishes that my husband ADORED! I'll definitely be coming back as soon as I can and hope to have a similarly wonderful experience!
I had the most wonderful time there with my fiancé, apart from the food being amazing our server Keron was spectacular. He made our night so perfect. Definitely going back soon. 
Keron is a fun and excellent server! He was very informative, brung me everything eye needed without having to ask, and checked on me often. 
My first time experiencing a Sushi restaurant went really well thanks to our server Keron and the great atmosphere. Will definitely be back and will share my experience with folks around!
The food was amazing!!! So good infact that I came back two nights later. I had the pleasure of having Alexis one evening and Keron the next. I was not disappointed, they were both amazing and seemed like they genuinely cared about my dining experience. Thank you all for making my work trip even more enjoyable. Barbara <3
My husband and I had an absolutely fantastic experience at the blue fin thanks to our server, Keron. His was very attentive, friendly, and very knowledgeable about the menu. His recommendations were spot on, and he made the dining experience even more enjoyable. I'll definitely be returning, and it's all thanks to our exceptional server! 5 stars!
What an excellent spot! Last week I came in with some friends by their recommendation. I’m a big fan of seafood and this was just the kind of place I’ve been craving. First and foremost the most memorable part of the night was our server Alexys. What a great guy. I made sure to get his name just so I could leave this review. Super friendly, knew the menu like the back of his hand and his recommendation of the Magic Dragon and Crazy Shrimp sushi was spot on exactly what I was looking for. I just had to get both! Before we were even done with our meal we were already talking about coming back. Terrific job! Blue Fin is where it’s at. 
Excellent service. Our food tasted so fresh, and our server Alexys really took care of us. Can’t recommend this joint enough
First night back in New York and had a great meal at Blue Fin. Always a good choice for seafood near the theatres of New York. Alexys was our server again and was very pleasant and efficient. The manager is Dean and he is very tuned into the little details.
Drinks were always full. Everything was brought out properly and the waiter Keron, was the most professional individual that I’ve met in a restaurant. That kid is going places.
It’s been years since I’ve been in New York City and I met a business partner for dinner. I usually don’t ever go to restaurants but I was amazed at the level of customer service from a Keron K that had helped us with everything. Honestly owe him a big thanks and appreciate the conversation along with customer service that helped an older soul navigate the delicious menu along with services included. My business partner wants to definitely come back with more of our partners to make this a regular thing and I owe to Keron W for helping us out. Great environment, extremely helpful staff , impeccable food, great vibes overall and will be making this a regular now when I return to New York City often. Keron thank you again for helping us out and hope to see the amazing staff along with enjoy the great food here once again. Warm Regards,Reiji Cross
I love the dude that helped me out sir Keron thank you so much for the experience I loved it so much. I love me some chocolate. Great food go try and you’ll see don’t just read or believe everything you till you see it.
Food was amazing shangai tuna was salted and glazed perfectly steak well cooked to the T and drinks came in an exceptional amount of time. Served by Keron made this 4 star experience seem like a 7 star with his excellent service and promised to come back with my family or 11 on December 13th see you guys soon 🤪🤪
I had an amazing experience and my waiter was very professional and helpful I believe his name was Keron.
This spot is a trendy restaurant with delicious sushi. We had the pleasure of being served by Alexys and he gave excellent customer service. 
Stopped by to pick up a to-go order and decided to have a drink while there. Stefanie was super attentive and friendly and the food was great!
The menu has a pre theater special — bread pudding one of best ever. Keron was outstanding in his service.
Wow… food was truly incredible . Our Server “K” was so helpful with recommendations and made our dinner perfect.This has been our best dinner experience in New York. We’ll be back for sure and hope to have the sane server. Thanks again K!
Sushi was really really good, atmosphere was calm and nice. Our waiter Alexey took really good care of us . Just arrived to New York and this was our first night in town. Thank you guys!
The scallops and sea bass were excellent. Our waiter, Alexis, made great suggestions and really took care of us. We came for sushi but quickly changed to the seafood dinner. Need to come back the next time I’m in NYC and try the sushi.
I stopped in for a bite after traveling to the city for business. I sat at the bar and Stefanie was terrific. She handled my order efficiently and with a smile.
This spot is great for a good meal in nyc when you want some nice sushi and a chill atmosphere. 
Ketone was our server and he was wonderful and the food was delicious and hot people were very nice.
My Server Keron K was really Friendly He gave me very great customer services. His experience is amazing and he’s great with giving customers what they request. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. Great Atmosphere, and Great Atmosphere.
We had a great experience. We had the yum yum babe roll, sea bass, chicken and Brussel sprouts. Alexys was an excellent waiter and we had a delicious dinner! He was super helpful. Thanks so much! 
Quick service & very trustworthy. keron was my server I highly recommend this business. Their customer service is excellent. The product quality is consistently outstanding, exceeding my expectations
I absolutely loved my experience at this marvelous restaurant!! The atmosphere/environment was very amazing, the service was outstanding & thank you to Keron K outstanding server & made me feel very much comfortable & satisfied with my experience!!!!!!!
Dear Keron K, I'm writing to express my gratitude for a wonderful and special evening my friends and I had at your restaurant. Wishing you tremendous success in your business, I would love to see you keep providing such a satisfying dining experience to your customers. The customer service was outstanding, and the product was exactly what I was looking for! I will very much be attending again. Thank you so much!
I waited tables at Blue Fin back in the early 2000s. On a recent visit to NYC with my son, we stopped in for dessert. It was great to see the restaurant, which has been updated nicely. K indulged me in some reminiscing about the old times. I wish him and all the current staff well!
While the food and service were good the atmosphere was not. For some reason it was very cold in the restaurant. A lot of diners had their outdoor coats on. When this was mentioned to the waiter her said it was not in his power to do anything about it. The food became cold quickly as a result.
Very good waiter. Keron is just the best. Food was very good. Had the sea bass bites. Small amount for price. But very good. Had the scallops which were best I’ve had. The crème bruilet was a good size and perfect
Very friendly Personell & delicious Sushi. Our waiter Keron puts the K in King. Note: Do mind the chilly AC
Had a great time here, shout out to K for his amazing service! Good was great and the his recommendations were fantastic!
Alexys was outstanding. He did a fantastic job taking care of us. The food was delicious and we enjoyed our dinner immensely. Excellent overall service. 
The restaurant was beautiful, the staff was so nice! Our waiter Alexys was so kind & informative! The sushi & calamari were to die for!
We had a great experience at Blue Fin. The food was amazing and the service was even better. Our waiter, Keron “K”, was very friendly and took great care of us. His recommendations were spot on and made for a great night. I would highly recommend Blue Fin if you’re in Times Square. 
Keron recommended the crazy shrimp roll to us and it was really good. His service was very excellent.
Ok Time Square is not know for it's fine dining. With Bubba Gump Shrimp etc... Time Square is known for the sights and people watching not the food. BUT Blue Fin was very good. Don't be put off by the nondescript first floor. Walk up the stairs to a beautiful restaurant on the second floor. Very good sushi and seafood and our server Alexys was great. It's a little bit of a mixed crowd. Some couples are there for a nice anniversary dinner and others just wandered in wearing shorts and flip-flops but that's okay. I would also think this would be a great pre-show destination. We would highly recommend. 
It was our Wedding Anniversary❣️After a funny/dramatic play, we wanted something new and exciting for our celebration and walked into the Blue Fin. Beautiful atmosphere. Wow… very accommodating for our anniversary. Amazing cuisine! Our waiter/advisor on food choices was Keron “K” and he was so welcome informed, we were happy with every selection. From Sea Bass bites to prawn dumplings to our entrees of broiled prawns and rib eye steak excellent. The accompaniments were too delicious to leave out… try lobster fried rice, creamed potatoes and asparagus! Can’t forget our celebratory dessert butterscotch bread pudding. Thank you to Keron for making this a memorable experience. How do we top it next year?!
Absolutely loved Keron as a server. We were tired and hungry after a long day of travel. He was patient, attentive and the service was great. The sushi rolls were fresh and delicious and the sea bass appetizer, while small was fantastic. 710-7421
Great food. Calm setting despite the craziness of Time Square right outside the door. Keron is your man and will take great care of you!
Everything we ordered here was so delicious. Our waiter, Keron, was very friendly and took very good care of us. 
Keron treated us so well. He made our experience great! He wad attentive and friendly. The food was also delicious. Sea bass was my favorite.
Alexys was our server. Overall great experience and had plenty of time to hit broadway. Food was pretty good as well 
STEPHANY‘s service was phenomenal. The meal was five stars even though Michelin only has three. The ambience I hate that word but the ambience is great. It’s one of New York’s finest little restaurants.
The blue fin is an awesome restaurant with excellent food. I’m actually surprised they don’t promote the place more. I’ve stayed at the W on several occasions and never went in there because nobody really promotes who delicious the food is. Our servers name was Keron!! Excellent excellent excellent server very knowledgeable about all the foods and prompt with service. Loved the place 
Very nice relaxing meal ... Alexis attentive interested and humorous . Nice guy. Food and drink very good too. Best to go after a matinee as the rush has finished for pre show meals
Il locale è in piena time square e questo ovviamente lo rende estremamente turistico e poco ricercato. All’interno meglio di quanto possa sembrare all’esterno. Servizio , come ql solito, gentile. Scelta di piatti che spazia tra sushi , roll ma anche piatti più ricercati. Abbiamo apprezzato molto di più gli antipasti ed i piatti rispetto al sushi , troppo pasticciato per i nostri gusti. Prezzi abbastanza alti ma la location pesa. Non ci tornerei
Quick and friendly service by our waiter, Alexys. Great choice for a pre-theater meal. The steaks were cooked perfectly!
Wow we stumbled in here after a long day of fashion shows and photoshoots and we were no disappointed. Our bartender Denise was very welcoming and accommodating even though we arrived near closing. She made the best mezcal old fashioned and we had the Broadway roll and the Mac and cheese so delicious!! We would definitely come here again next time we’re in the city for fashion week! 
Second time dining at Blue Fin this year, and it was even better than before. The cauliflower salad, scallops, mashed potatoes and chocolate cake were all amazing. My server Alexys remembered me from last time, and took wonderful care of me once again. Blue Fin has to be one of the best restaurants in Midtown Manhattan. Highly recommend!
If you're looking for a nice meal before going to the theatre, look no more. The Blue Fin has a pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff, and delicious food. There are two levels; the upstairs has a lively vibe with excellent lighting. However, the entry-level (1st floor) is quieter (in a lovely way) with more ambiance. Just so you know, there are no restrooms on that level, though. You have to take an elevator upstairs. The food was excellent. We ordered from the Pre-Theatre menu option (chicken or salmon), which arrived timely. Don't leave without trying the sushi (my first time) and the best dessert ever: the butterscotch bread pudding. Shout out to our excellent server, Adrian. He was so pleasant and attentive, offering great menu advice. If you can, ask for him; your dining experience will be so elevated. I can't wait to dine there again!
Åt min födelsedagsmiddag (50-år) här med min familj.Är absolut den bästa sushi jag har ätit!Även efterrätten var mycket braJättebra service, trevlig personal & fin lokal.Kan verkligen rekommenderas!
Loved it so much, easy and felt taken care of. Service team worked really hard. Alexys and Shah were so great. They were ontop of it all. Food was GREAT would def come back 
I had an incredible meal at Blue Fin before watching a play on a Wednesday. Tristan, our server, was outstanding with his recommendations. The Broadway Roll was an ideal light dish, and the sea bass was just as delicious as Tristan promised. I traveled from Texas for my anniversary and was amazed by Tristan's attentive service. If you're at Blue Fin, ask for Tristan! I'll surely return on my next visit. The location is perfect for Broadway shows and a short walk from Times Square. The butterscotch bread pudding was a highlight, and my wife loved her lobster bisque and beef filet. The new beet salad with goat cheese and pistachios was a delightful surprise. I can't wait to go back for the sumptuous seafood and stellar service.
Shout out to Adrian, our waiter, who made our dining experience wonderful. His suggestions for our sushi, entrees and dessert was outstanding. Chefs kiss, to Adrian’s pairing of wine with our meal. The music topped it off with a nice vibe. But that butter scotch bread pudding dessert should be against the law. Nothing should taste that good. Hey Adrian, “Forget Me Not”.🎶 😀Will definitely come back. Thanks for making my Broadway show outing a night to remember. 
All staff were very pleasant and courteous. Our waiter, Eduardo, was exceptional. He made sure we had a relaxing dinner. It was our last night in New York after a five day vacation. We ended on a high note here. Thank you, Blue Fin and Eduardo!
I visited Blue Fin recently and I must say the ambience was quite welcoming. I specifically enjoyed my conversation with the upstairs bartender Denise. She made me a couple drinks that were to die for and even listened to some of my crazy stories. I’ll def be back 
I had the pleasure of dining at BlueFin and was truly impressed by the exceptional service provided by Keron. From the moment I stepped in, Keron exuded professionalism and warmth, setting the perfect tone for the evening. His extensive knowledge of the menu was evident as he guided us through the array of sushi offerings, providing insightful descriptions and personalized recommendations that made our choices effortless.What truly made Keron stand out was their impeccable attention to detail. Throughout the meal, he ensured our glasses were never empty and our table remained tidy, all while allowing us to enjoy our dining experience without interruption. His genuine passion for the culinary craftsmanship of the restaurant was infectious, enhancing our appreciation for each dish. WithKeron's seamless pacing of courses and engaging conversations, he not only elevated the dining experience but also left a lasting impression that will undoubtedly bring me back to Blue Fin for more exceptional moments.
We had Blackened Scallops, Tuna & Brussel Sprouts with a Greek salad. Everything was superbly prepared & marvelously presented. The service matched the meal in quality-- knowledgeable, courteous & right on target. I highly recommend 
Everything was perfect for our dinner at Blue Fin. First off, the atmosphere is beautiful. Our server Triston was fantastic- from suggesting all the right things to his quick and attentive manner… with just a sprinkle of fun in there… he made us feel welcome and celebrated and helped us find exactly what we were looking for. The award winning Margarita. Drink THAT!!!! Oysters were fabulous. The sea bass was incredibly prepared, tender with a lovely crust. The chefs definitely know what they’re doing. Everything worked well together. All together with the rice and broccolini it created a perfect bite. Dessert… save room. The “bread pudding” was fantastic. The crème brulee was one of the best I’ve had. Thank you for an excellent evening and a special night in NYC
We had an amazing evening. The ambience is incredible and the food is outstanding. Our waiter “Tristan” was attentive and made excellent suggestions from appetizers to dessert. We will definitely return and I highly recommend this establishment for an incredible romantic, relaxing evening!!
Amazing!!!! This is our second time here ordering the exact same meal. The sushi, seared tuna and sea bass were absolutely delicious and full of bold and savory flavor. Our server Adrian was attentive and friendly. Can’t wait to get back here again before a Broadway show! A perfect evening! Easy access to any show….
I always come here when I'm in the city! Food is cooked to perfection and the drinks were top notch 👌
Everything was wonderful at this restaurant. The sushi was delicious, the cauliflower and kale salad was great, and the prices were reasonable. And the service was extraordinary. Our server did everything right and perfectly.
I went here with my friends yesterday for a small dinner before going home. Our waiter Tristan was very kind and attentive. He made the decision process easier since I wasn't sure what to get. They have a decent range of sushi and seafood options. I ended up going with the prawn dumplings as recommended by our waiter and a rainbow roll. Both of them were delicious and were amazing quality. 
Great location and atmosphere! Highly recommend Alexys, he’s amazingly helpful and we had a lovely time! 
I came to Blue Fin for a low key birthday drink. Had the bang bang shrimp and crab fried rice and it was great! Our server was Roman and she was delightful, and very knowledgeable. Will definitely be back! 
My wife and I returned to New York this weekend to visit our son who just moved here for a year. We had last eaten at Blue Fin just before the pandemic so it had been a while. The dinner last night, as well as the atmosphere, was even better than we remembered and believe me, our last experience was great. We opted to order a variety of sushi rolls and they were flavorful, fresh and extremely tasty. We also had the sea bass bites to start with which, though on the smallish side portion-wise, had a delightful sauce. I would be remiss if I did not mention that our server, Lilly, was outstanding and extremely attentive to our needs, questions and on making our experience so pleasurable. Lilly definable enhanced the entire dining experience. When we commented on how much we all loved the sauce on the appetizer, she offered and brought out to us additional side portions of the sauce so we could use that on the tuna and salmon rolls which only enhanced the flavor of the sushi. We would strongly recommend dining at Blue Fin and would also make it a point to ask for a table serviced by Lilly when you make your reservation,you will not regret it one bit. Again, a 5 star experience for both Blue Fin and Lilly!!!
Adrian was our server this evening. He was very polite, had a great disposition and was very helpful. The food was delicious and we were very impressed with the music, ambiance and decor. 
Here for a birthday dinner with my family. Food was very good albeit pricey. Keron was an excellent waiter very attentive and knowledgeable. The only downside and I will be delicate about this was one of the people bussing the table had significant body odor. I really did not want to mention it but it really should be addressed. Otherwise a very good experience.
Our family was celebrating my birthday tonight. Keron , our waiter , was excellent. He knew his stuff and gave good recommendations. Vibe was very nice too.
Tristán was excellent. He knew what to suggest and was very helpful. Food was excellent! The location is perfect for the theater district.Overall, would recommend the restaurant
It was amazing food and excellent wait staff the food came out fast and was spectacular I will definitely come again if I am in the area. 
Triston our server was excellent! He was always available & offered great suggestions on menu items. Fish was fresh & deliciously prepared. Drinks were average at best. Overall a revisit for sure! 
Great meal and excellent service from Tristan. We enjoyed the sushi and I loved the lobster tails. Will come again!
Best place in NY, nice atmosphere, incredible service, Tristan (our waiter) was the best!!!! The sushi WAOOOO 
My family and I recently dined at Blue Fin and had a fantastic experience. The food, especially the sushi, was fresh and delicious. Our waiter, Tristen, was very attentive, charismatic, and has a wonderful taste for sushi. He made sure we had everything we needed. I highly recommend this restaurant!
Tristan took great care of us and the food was delicious! Wonderful experience and out in time for a show!
A bit disappointing. My husband ordered half dozen oysters , tuna and salmon sashimi I ordered miso glazed sea bass. Also glass of wine and beer Oysters arrived , finished them still no drinks. Finally tuna sashimi and sea bass arrived and drinks Both were good Hadn’t received salmon sashimi, informed them and they brought tuna rolls. Not what we wanted, then mgr came over and we told him wanted salmon sashimi, which had been ordered. They then brought cucumber cups with chopped spicy salmon in them. My husband just ate them. Server said it was his first day and apologized I can understand that, but can’t understand why mgr brought wrong thing in the end We were polite, did he think we had complained too much? Don’t think restaurants realize that older people are the ones doing reviews, which many people read. Paid our bill, tipped but not the best experience 
Had a very great dine in experience. As a first timer with other friends and family. The night wouldn’t have been what it was without our server Keron! He was amazing! Was very patient, I would come again just from the experience he had given us made the whole dining experience worth it. Book your table with him if you can. 
Keron the waiter did an exceptional job in reflecting this business . He ensured our orders was accurate and the ambiance of the restaurant I really enjoyed !
Thanks to Keron “K” for making our dining experience very memorable last Sunday. He really took his time running us through our first time trying sushi. Definitely will be back.
Tristan and Dal were the best!! Great service, filled with smiles and laughter. Best servers 🙌🙌🙌🙌
Just finished an amazing meal at Blue Fin. By far one of the best meals we have found in the area. From the bang bang shrimp, to nigiri/sashimi, lobster bisque, sea bass, and finally butterscotch bread pudding - all amazing and delicious. Our server Alexys was both helpful and attentive. He helped us with our selection and made out standing suggestions. All around fantastic service and delicious food. Would highly recommend. Restaurant very easy to find, ambiance nice, and excellent food and service.
We enjoyed a fantastic meal before seeing a play on a Wednesday night. Tristan was personable and a wonderful server. We were not disappointed by his recommendations! The Broadway Roll was perfect for a light dish before a show. The sea bass was as delicious as Tristan said it would be. 
We traveled here from Texas for our anniversary, and Tristan to excellent care of us! He was able to recommend something from each part of the menu, and we were amazed with his service. Our glasses were never empty, and we never had to wonder when he would be back. If you visit Blue Fin, I highly recommend you ask for Tristan! We will definitely be back on our next trip! Thank you, Tristan, for making our anniversary enjoyable. You are awesome! 
Our waiter Tristan was really good . He explained everything on the menu. He checked on us every few minutes. He was just great. 
Krystal was a phenomenal server and the food was excellent as well. She was attentive to our needs throughout the entire evening.
Excellent food and service Alexys provided excellent service and recommendations for food and drink. We were very happy. 
Adrienne was our server and he was nothing short of amazing. Very helpful, honest, quick, and attentive. He made our dining experience there very well worth it!
Excellent service across the board. This was our second time that my wife, kids, and I ate here and since we are both Presidents club members, we do a lot of Landrys dining.
Wonderful spot to go to after or before the theatre. The food was great but more importantly the service was spectacular. Thank you Tristan for a wonderful experience and great recommendations.
Our server Alexys did an excellent job taking care of us. Our meal was absolutely amazing! We had dinner here before a Broadway show. An amazing treat. Everything exceeded our expectations. We shared the crazy shrimp as an appetizer My husband had the blackened scallops and I had the crab legs, we shared the crab fried rice. The bread pudding for dessert was delicious Wow! If you get the chance to check out this gem, don't pass it up. Unique and perfect.
Blue Fin was amazing. The food was great. We especially enjoyed the crab cakes an oysters on the half shell. The ambiance was conducive to a quiet lovely dinner where you could enjoy talking to your dinner companion. Tristan was our waiter and he did a fantastic job of waiting on us, making good recommendations, and ensuring we were taken care of throughout the meal. We higly recommend Blue Fin. And, advise you to ask for Tristan:)
The food was outstanding- get the special roll! Tristan was great! Very friendly and gave good food recommendations 
The Food, ambience and service were excellent. Our server Alexys was wonderful!! Highly attentive and friendly!!! We recommend this restaurant!!!
This spot is fantastic for a casual night out with excellent service and great food. Tristen took excellent care of our needs and made sure we had everything we wanted and needed. The food was absolutely delicious!
Our food was great. The experience was great. Tristen is a fabulous server. The butterscotch bread pudding was AMAZING!
Tristian is absolutely one of the best servers! Personable and very easy to talk with! I absolutely recommend this place
Read some reviews and came here for pre theatre dinner - perfect location and perfect dinner - excellent quality and superior service from Tristan. Will come again for sure!
So glad Blue Fin is open again!! This is our favorite place before or after a show. It’s always special! Food is delicious! Don’t skip dessert— bread pudding is incredible! Thanks to our waiter Alexys for above and beyond service!! 
Amazing ! Place in Crown heights they do lunch brunch and dinner. I recommend coming for brunch and enjoy the vibes
We were here in 2019 before they closed due to the pandemic. We enjoyed it then and we enjoyed it more now. Krystal was awesome with her recommendations and we had a fabulous meal. 
Patrick served my friend and me at the bar, and he truly made our experience special! His recommendations were delicious! We loved our bottle of wine! His personality and level of service really put this visit over the top. Highly recommend the sushi! The entire menu looks wonderful!
Nous sommes rentrés car nos petites enfants adorent les sushis. Le resto était à deux tiers vide et on a eu le culot de nous dire qu il ne pourrait pas nous servir et qu on ferait mieux d aller à côté gast fois mexicain!!!!alors kids Friend l’y laisser moi rire c est vraiment scandaleux ka façon dont on a été traités. Par contre le restaurant mexicain était parfait ♥️♥️♥️
Great food. Tried several items on the menu all very fresh and tasty. Our waiter Alexys took very good care of us. Would definitely go back again
We enjoyed an excellent dinner at Blue Fin prior to going to a Broadway show. The place gets very busy so we were glad that we had made a reservation. Our server Tristan was personable, friendly and accommodating. As a budding actor, he made the evening fun and entertaining. My wife's lobster bisque and beef filet made her happy, and she loved the butter scotch bread pudding. My seared salmon was also very good. A new salad on the menu, with beets, goat cheese and pistachios, was fresh and absolutely wonderful and a highlight of the dinner. We look forward to returning for the delicious seafood and the fine service. 
This is a gem of a restaurant in the rush and noise of Times Square. Perfect for pre-theatre. The food is excellent and service attentive. I especially want to praise Krystal who was our waiter. She was lovely and efficient!
Terrific food and lovely place, out of the crushing mobs around Times Square. It doesn’t feel like a pre-theater kid scene but the service is quick and the food delicious
Excellent experience and service with Tristan. He was superb and the food was delish. Would def go again. 
Quiet respite from the chaos of Times Square and perfect for pre-show dinner. Adrian, our server, was a delight! Personable, attentive, and had excellent recommendations. We started with a glass of Chardonnay and shared the Bang Bang Rock Shrimp with Shisitos. Nice amount of spice and crunch but only 4 shisito peppers (maybe there’s more when they are in season?). Next we shared the wedge salad. Pretty standard. HB loved the Miso Glazed Sea Bass and I enjoyed the Blackened Seared Scallops (note: 3 scallops). Upon the wine steward’s recommendation, we had a bottle of Estancia Pinot. Somehow, Adrian convinced us to try the bread pudding - it was amazing! Enjoyable experience!
Had a wonderful meal and very good drinks (martinis). Glazed sea bass excellent wow.Waiter Alexys was superior. Timely w clearing table and knowledge of menu. 
The food was great and our server Tristan was so personable, attentive, charming and kind. He made excellent recommendations and was very funny and efficient. We would definitely go back! The dessert—Tristan's recommendation—was especially great.
Had the Kyoto Sour&Blue Fin roll 10/10. Our bartender Stefanie made the experience super enjoyable. 
This restaurant was great for my friend and I to enjoy the full menu dinner before taking in a Broadway show. The food , atmosphere, and the service were all excellent. Our server’s name is Roman, She served us very well. I would definitely return to the Blue Fin for a delicious meal.
Great atmosphere, staff and food was excellent. Our waiterTristan was very attentive personable and fun. Definitely a great experience. 
Food was excellent as usual. Our waiter was Tristan, and he was very knowledgeable and a pleasure to talk to. We remembered him from a prior visit. We were very glad to see him again! 
The food was amazing. The atmosphere was relaxing and social. Our waiter Tristin was excellent. Everything from the decor to the wait staff made this experience. We will return! 
Salmon cooked to perfect medium rare- wedge salad amazing. Alexys was one amazing server. Definitely would recommend 
Pre theatre couple dinner. Food was great, Tristan was a fantastic waiter. Attentive and charming. Good stuff!
A real oasis on Times Square away from the hustle and bustle. Beautiful serene decor and excellent food. Also, terrific service. Our server Tristan was knowledgable and personable, which added to the whole experience. I have been here several times and it never disappoints. Definitely recommended.
Great service, atmosphere, food and drinks! Tristan was very attentive and provided excellent customer service. We were able to book a last minute reservation on a Saturday night which was a surprise! Will definitely visit again when I return to Times Square!
Good quality and tasty meal after a long day of site seeing. I appreciated the great service from Tristan!!! I had the Wagyu Hot Rock - nice!!!
Our waiter, Triston, is personable and presented the perfect meal. My husband and I suggest you ask for Triston and visit Blue Fin soon. 
The food was phenomenal. I would highly recommend the Balcony seafood tower. Our server, Tristan, was attentive and made great recommendations!
WOW, ASK FOR SOPHIA! She was absolutely amazing! Very attentive and made me laugh the whole night! I’m a big fan of oysters and the selection the restaurant offers is vast and delicious. I ended up getting the balcony tower and a few glasses of wine that Sophia’s knowledge of the wine paired excellent with the seafood. 10/10 must visit! 
This is a great restaurant off Times Square. We grabbed a meal here between a matinee and evening Broadway shows. Excellent food and wonderful service by our server Tristan. Appreciate the smaller portions so we could enjoy multiple courses. Highly recommend the Miso Glazed Bass. Superb recommendation by Tristan. Would definitely eat here again. Would love to try the sushi next time. 
Such a nightmare experience. Reservations were made in Feb for our April trip, arrive to dinner and was told such a long list of crazy things I’m not sure where to start. They don’t have my reservations, so I quickly go thru my text messages and show the host (Chris I believe) my reservation which was for 6pm. He then says the system didn’t capture that data and sometimes it doesn’t work properly- which I heard him tell other guests that evening. He says he’ll see what he can do and asked us to step aside. He proceeds to seat about 15-20 ppl lots of time going by. We check in again and he then says they don’t have many 2 top tables and the weather/rain had caused some issues with seating. Mind you it’s now 6:30 and we have a show to get to still standing in the lobby!? Now 6:45 rolls around and we are still standing and he’s surprised when we remind him that we had 6pm reservations- I’m not saying it was done on purpose but it felt very off. Then we sat at the very worst table in the restaurant at the door/lobby and rushed a quick steak dinner and we decided to talk to a manger. The manager was terrible he made more excuses and accused me of not confirming- my text showed “a confirmed reservations” unprofessional, not accountable and did not say anything to make it better. Hey Dan- let me give you an example on how to be a proper manager….how about this, “I’m so sorry for your experience, I will work with my staff to not let this happen to anyone else in the future and how can I make this right for you?” He offered a dessert- yeah sure buddy Dan let me eat a dessert when I’m going to be late to a show. Do yourself a favor SKIP this establishment. And the bathrooms were disgusting which says a lot about the establishment. It could have been handled so much better I was in pure disbelief. The waitress was lovely and apologetic for the situation which she had nothing to do with. This was the one and only BAD restaurant experience I had in NYC!!
Great food, great atmosphere! Had dinner after seeing a show with family. Our server, Tristan, was extremely helpful with choices from the menu, friendly, attentive, and my daughter thought he looked like J.J. from the Netflix series Outerbanks! He made sure my kids had drinks, and checked on us regularly to make sure everything was ok. Will definitely be back and will definitely request Tristan for our server. 
The Blue Fin is tucked inside or at least adjacent to the W Hotel. We were early birds in retrospect for that dinner before a show that would follow shortly - we chose Blue Fin because of its wonderful proximity to the theatres so there was no danger of being late for a 7 PM start. The Blue Fin is a wide open space that is modern and bright. Both my wife and I chose the prefix dinner that is geared to ensure that you don’t miss your next event. I started with the lobster bisque and she with a garden salad. Mine was flavorful and according to her, hers was ‘not bad’ either. I had the pan roasted chicken and my wife, the salmon, both of which were on a bed of mashed potatoes and asparagus flavored with hints of shallot. The whole ensemble was supremely manageable in portion and delicious. Dessert did not disappoint and it is hard to criticize how disproportionately large they were but, man, there was nothing delicate going on there with that portion of the meal. I would recommend this spot not only for its ambiance and food quality but the attentive service.A special shout out to our server, Tristan, who went beyond the call of duty to make us feel welcome but also endeavored to steer us in the right direction with our choices of drink and sustenance. He took his job seriously, had great energy and was responsible for our pleasant evening.
This restaurant is top notch! Amazing food and flavors. The sea bass and the blackened scallops were some of the best seafood we’ve had! Definitely worth going through the Times Square crowds and rain to have this good experience. Our server, Keron, was outstanding as well as very friendly. 
We dined upstairs and the atmosphere was lovely. Nice location for a meal before the theatre. Food was great and was served in a timely manner. Our waiter Tristan was fantastic! A bit pricey but worth it in my opinion. 
Great food. Nice ambiance. Great service. Server Tristan was super nice and we enjoyed talking NY aspiring actor talk with him. 
This was a pleasant surprise on Times Square. Great decor. More importantly, everything from the prawn dumplings, perfectly cooked filet, and bread pudding were delicious. The server, Tristan, was professional, polite, and welcoming. He offered excellent recommendations and was highly attentive. This is a great spot for a pre theater meal or anytime you’re near time square and want a good meal. 
Food was great and service was excellent! Our server Tristan did an amazing job and it was a delightful experience. 
We did our homework before attending Sweeney Todd at a close by theater. We read previous reviews about Tristan and they were spot on. He is one who f the best and I say this after about 50% of our dining experience was behind us before bee asked his name. He is an upcoming star and deserves our support. Visit Blue Fin. You won’t be disappointed.
I have been going to this restaurant for years and it never disappoints. I celebrated my birthday there tonight with my husband; the food was amazing and our waiter Alexys was fantastic. He was very pleasant, attentive, and made our experience that much more enjoyable. Looking forward to going back.
First day in New York,hope all the other resturants are as good as Bluefin.Had 3 plates of sharing dishes lobster and crab rolls,salt shrimp dumplings and sea bass bites.All dishes were interesting,well cooked,presented well and very tasty.Had butterscotch bread pudding for dessert, excellent. Our waiter Tristan was was friendly,sociable and proficient.The lady concierge was also charming.
Very nice, personable, and attentive service. We especially enjoyed Tristan, an aspiring musical theatre actor, whose warmth and friendliness transformed the big city, Times Square rush into a meaningful interaction that we thoroughly enjoyed. We've been to Blue Fin on a number of occasions over the years for a pre-theatre dinner. Food was a bit subpar this visit on a few items, but we'll return. 
Tristan was an excellent server! Food was delicious, atmosphere was incredible. They were accommodating to our dietary restrictions. 
I want to recognize our server, Joe, who made our lunch experience so much fun! We were in town for the day on a bus trip and decided to eat at Blue Fin based on their menu options and location to the theater. Joe made us feel welcomed, made us laugh, and made us feel like we were old friends. The food was delicious! Two of us had the blackened chicken salad, which was flavorful and the perfect lunch before seeing a show. I will definitely ask for Joe to be my server next time I am in the city!
We had dinner before the theater. The filet, bang bang shrimp, Greek and garden salads were exceptional! The lobster tail in the surf and turf was overcooked but the filet was great; the tiger prawn dumplings were really flavorful. Two of our party ordered the pre-fixe theater menu and loved it. The king crab fried rice, chocolate diva dessert were superb! Great service experience from Adrian who was so personable and attentive. 
Excellent seafood tower and great location and excellent service from Adrian. Our new go to place In Manhattan. 
Blue Fin is always great - usually orrery easy to get a reservation, great food, works the pre-theater meal timing perfectly, and great service. Tristan, our waiter last night, was outstanding!
Went here before catching a Broadway show and couldn’t have asked for a better experience. Our waiter Adrian was so attentive and pleasant. I definitely suggest the bang bang shrimp appetizer it was delicious. The servings were generous and the atmosphere was serene water themed. We finished the meal off with the bread pudding which melted in your mouth it was insane. Definitely give a Blue Fin a shot if you’re in the area!
Rico sushi, variedad y calidad. Lugar agradable y cálido. La atención es buena. En pleno centro de Manhattan.
We just happened upon the restaurant while walking around. We unknowingly went in with about a half hour until closing time. The atmosphere was very modern and themed to the restaurant. Our service was top notch! Adrian was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. He really made the experience with the conversation and checking in to make sure we were good. The food was AMAZING. I had the pan seared salmon and my husband had the miso sea bass. I also had the On Broadway drink and it was perfectly made. Would highly recommend for any occasion - it was a great date night and we would definitely go back!
The moment we walked into the Blue Fin we knew were were in for a treat. Our hostess, Jeri, was very pleasant and made us feel welcomed. Krystal, our server, was exceptional. She was very attentive and made fantastic recommendations. The crab and lobster roles were delicious. The Roquefort Salad was big enough to split between the two of us. We highly recommend the Blue Fin and Godzilla sushi roles as well as the surf and turf. Wonderful flavor and nice portions. We will be back next time we are in New York!
We had to catch a Broadway show and only had an hour to have dinner. Tristan offered one of his tables even with us not having a reservation. He agreed to do separate checks AND had our food come so quickly. He also brought in our checks before we asked. So we were in and out in an hour! He was amazing!! And food was phenomenal, great quality sushi! It’s a must to visit when at Times Square! 
Blue Fin is one of the best restaurants in Midtown - and all of NYC for that matter. I had the most amazing meal. My lobster bisque, branzino and butterscotch bread budding were all incredible. And my server Alexys was an absolute rock star! He made certain that I had the perfect experience. I definitely recommend Blue Fin to everyone and look forward to going back myself. 
If you want a restaurant with self service and cold seafood, this is it. The exception is asparagus, which was good, and in the end they tell you that your card does not work. After negotiations and when the supervisor came, the card worked without any problem. I do not recommend this restaurant
Great spot for dinner at Times Square. Rayshawn was our server and he did a great job with recommendations and service. We took all his recommendations and were delighted with the experience. I highly recommend a nice bottle of wine with Oysters Rockefeller to start the meal. Main course recommendations include Miso Sea Bass and Crab Fried Rice. All of these dishes were to die for. This is a great place to go before or after the show as it is very close to all of the theaters. Located right on Times Square. Great job Rayshawn!
Don’t let the modest outside entry fools u .. this place is fantastic. The sushi and Oyster Rockefeller were awesome .. great saki and fantastic service from Adrian.
Realmente maravilloso!! Comimos un sushi delicioso a un precio muy razonableExcelente atención y salimos muy contentosEsta en mero Time Square
If you go, ask for Tristan! Great service and amazing recommendations for food and yummy drinks!! So good!! Will definitely be coming back the next time I am in town! 
We are NY-ers and went for an early dinner after a Broadway show with our college kids who were home for Spring Break. Food and Service were fantastic. The best part our server Skye was wonderful- knowledgeable fun and a joy! Cannot wait to go back and will be requesting her!
Lovely food, great service and recommendations by server, Skye. I enjoyed the evening and the atmosphere tremendously.
Fantastic food and service. Very surprised to find such a good restaurant on times square. Will likely be my go to when visiting the area.
Went here for a second date. We had amazing food, amazing drinks, and our waiter Adrian was wonderful. He took good care of us, but also was just fun to talk to. Would definitely go again.
The food and ambiance were incredible, but Rayshawn, our server, made it an even better experience! If you’re in NYC, and looking for a lovely meal that isn’t super touristy, Blue Fin is the spot.
Not only was the food one of the most delicious I’ve had, but our waiter Tristan went above and beyond to make sure we had a wonderful experience. I highly recommend this restaurant. (Do yourself a favor and get the crème brûlée.)
This restaurant was outstanding! Our waiter, Rayshawn, was helpful and so friendly. The bang, bang shrimp was the best we’ve ever had. The lobster bisque soup was packed with lobster and delicious! I had the blackened scallops for dinner and they were delicious. Dessert of butterscotch bread pudding was off the charts! Loved this restaurant and we are looking forward to returning whenever we are in NYC.
Service from my server, Adrian, was great. The food was pricy for the quality and portion size. Won’t be returning
We were a school group on a trip to NYC for live theater and museums. Krystal was an excellent server, and the food was delicious. Most of us had sushi, but some had salads, some had market catch and some even had A5 wagyu on a hot rock — no one was left out as the varied menu allowed everyone to find something they’d enjoy. All told there were fourteen of us at two separate tables, but we were in and out of there in under 90 minutes. Krystal was efficient and attentive, and the food arrived very soon after we ordered. All in all a great experience — one of the reasons Blue Fin is a restaurant we’ll keep coming back to…!
I don’t know what we thought we would get when we chose a sushi place directly on Times Square in New York City, but Blue Fin Seafood and Sushi exceeded all of our wildest expectations. First, it is absolutely beautiful inside. Truly one of the most elegant restaurants we’ve been to in our many trips to New York. The cocktails were delicious and unusual, and the Montauk IPA was pale and perfect. For an appetizer, we had bang bang shrimp, which was delightfully spicy, but not stupid hot. After that, we split five sushi rolls: Times Square roll, Magic Dragon roll, Broadway Roll, Yum Yum Babe roll, and Blue Fin roll. All were delicious. On top of the delicious food, our server, Rayshawn, was engaging, funny, helpful, and totally professional. He knew the menu and made excellent recommendations. We had such a great time with such wonderful food, that we are going back in two nights for another delicious meal and fun server. We only wish that we could have this kind of experience every time we go out for dinner.
Service was simply excellent. Tristen was super knowledgeable and accommodating. Sushi top notch, sauces on all dishes were memorable. The only reason for a 4 is restrooms, rather disgusting. Make sure you have a couple martinis before going in…
I have the Shanghai tuna, and my partner had two sushi rolls. Tristen who is our server amazing. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anybody. This is my second visit and it doesn’t disappoint.
We dined at Blue Fin Saturday night. Tristan was our server and his great personality and service enhanced the experience. We are BR Guest frequent flyers and have never had a bad dining experience at a BR Guest restaurant. Meal at Blue Fin was expected good quality, good atmosphere and all things good.
Tristan was incredible! Recommended the best things on the menu and we enjoyed a great laugh! Make sure you sit at his table!
From the moment our team arrived and throughout the entire night the staff was impeccable. Every request we had was answered in a prompt manner and this has to be the nicest staff from top to bottom I’ve worked with. Rayshawn in particular was super attentive and didn’t skip a beat. It was a pleasure working with the team in hosting our event, our attendees were more than pleased and I can’t wait to work with them in the future!
Had a solo dinner last evening with Tristan as my server. It was the first meal on my trip where I did not feel judged for being alone. Tristan was attentive and and great with offering suggestions. The food was fantastic, very fresh, and perfectly seasoned and cooked. Highly recommend, and be sure to request Tristan as your server.
Tristan oh baby !!! This guy is amazing i wish in my life time i would have met him sooner. His classic style customer service was impeccable ! He is the epitome of class and sophistication. He is a gentleman and scholar. I highly recommend you ask for him. You will not be disappointed !!!!! 10 stars for him !
Amazing bang bang shrimp and Godzilla sushi roll! Service was great with Alexys! We went early so there was no wait, fair price for a great meal!
Recently traveled to NYC with friends and noticed that Blue Fin had opened back up since it was shut down thru 2022. I'm glad we took the chance on it again. It has improved since the shutdown. Food quality and service was beyond excellent. Tristan our waiter was very patient and kind with my friend Beatrix who kept changing her mind on what she wanted to eat. Too many good options!
Had a solo lunch with excellent service by Tristan! Lobster bisque and sushi were delicious! Thank you!
Celebrated my birthday with family in Times Square. We enjoyed the food and all of the drinks. Special thanks to Tristan, our waiter, for a wonderful evening.
Had a sweet night celebrating my Christmas gift for a Broadway show and found this place to go to dinner! Right in Times Square, but you don’t know you are in Times Square which is great! Tristan was such a great server who recommended some amazing drinks and eats! Not to mention his knowledge of the Broadway shows! Not rushed or anything to turnover our table, we enjoyed appetizers, drinks, a meal, AND dessert! Thanks Tristan!
We had a great experience at the Blue Fin Restaurant. Our food was delicious and Tristan, our waiter, was awesome! He provided great service, was knowledgeable about the menu and was super nice! We will be back next time we’re in town and will be requesting Tristan!
I am not sure if we hit the place on a bad night or not but everything about Blue Fin was off. The service was bad in a couple ways, first it took forever to get a waiter, and once we did and dinner was served, we were interrupted every five minutes with someone asking "is everything OK". Then to top things off, the food was not very good. I had the blackened salmon and it was over spiced and dry. I likely will not go back.
Beyond amazing service! Very knowledgeable about the menu and helped us a ton!!! Sweet and peppy definitely made our trip worth it!! WILL BE BACK
This was my 3rd or 4th time coming here in the past 5 years. I am from DC & everytime I visit NYC I love coming to the Blue Fin . I can honestly say this time was the most enjoyable experience with the help of Tristan as my server . He was very knowledgeable about everything , welcoming , and made my dining experience so good. I personally enjoyed a variety of appetizers & sushi . And my family enjoyed the sea bass and scallops. I hope Tristan is still working here when I come visit again . His welcoming personality was everything . Thank you for such an amazing experience
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere. Our server, Tristan, was attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and made excellent suggestions. The location is perfect for a pre-Broadway show meal.
Very spacious and quiet. Rayshawn was the best waiter we had during our trip. Great cocktails. Sushi orders came out quickly as did our main meal and were quite tasty
Fresh sashimi scallops were some of the best I've ever had. The specialty rolls were unique and delicious. The service was smooth and quick enough for me to finish in time to catch my play. Server Alexys was efficient and helpful in that respect.I was expecting higher prices for the times square location but it was much more reasonable than expected, especially compared to how surrounding restaurants boost their costs.
We've been coming here for years. Food & service are consistently terrific. Reasonable prices for being in heart of Times Square. Scallops, sushi, cauliflower kale salad - all excellent. Calamari was good portion for sharing . Our server Alexys was top notch.
Some of the best seafood I have ever had. Everything we tried was 12/10. Joe was the best and made our experience amazing! Will definitely be recommending this place to friends!
This was our second visit to the Blue Fin, our first time was back in 2015 the last time we visited New York. We’d previously had such a great time, that on our second visit we were looking forward to the restaurant again. We’d booked a table the previous evening, for the next night. Our booking was for 8.30pm. We arrived on time only to find we had to wait for our table to be ready. After about 10 min standing by the door, we were shown to our table; we went upstairs and found plenty of empty tables so not sure why we had to wait. We were seated in an area separated from the main dining area, there were 3 other tables being used here. We ordered oysters & calamari and 2 mains. Within 5 minutes our starter was served. The oysters were good, the calamari no so good, they were deep fried full of batter and warm with oil all over the plate. My wife sent them back not wanting them replaced, after about 10 minutes I had finished my starter that’s when they served our main course. I still had my empty plate on the table, so far we had only been in the restaurant about 18 minutes, at which point we got upset as we wanted to enjoy the evening. We asked the staff why we were served so quick they informed us the kitchen staff had nothing to do so they served our meal, we noticed that the other 3 tables had paid and gone we were now all alone in this part of the restaurant. We were very disappointed; the mains were nothing special certainly not what we’d previously enjoyed. I asked to speak to the manager who came over and we explained the issues, she offered us a cocktail on the house and took off the 1 starter that we’d sent back, we ordered an espresso martini this came up with Baileys instead of vodka, I asked for the bill and we left. Our dining experience lasted a whole 40 minutes and that was us trying to slow them down! We will definitely not be coming back here again, the whole evening seemed to be one big rush with too many compromises for this to be worth the money. There are plenty of nicer places to eat.
Great food and staff! Thanks Tristan! We visited Blue Fin in NY. Had the seafood tower, loaded potato and scallops in corn. Nice to see the city getting back to some semblance of normal.
My 2 adult daughters and I met in NYC for Phantom of the Operas final performance. I saw it in the Majestic theater when it opened and I saw it when it was closing in the same theater.We chose Blue Fin because it was around the corner from our hotel.The service and food was impeccable. We tasted and ate several rolls and sake as an added treat.Recommend highly!!!
If you're looking for delicious, healthy food in a nice, quiet space in the theatre district, this is a great choice. We started with salads, which were both delicious and packed with greens and vegetables. My entree was the miso-glazed sea bass with broccolini and sticky rice. It was as good as I've had it anywhere. My wife had the ahi poke tacos, which were good but probably not a big enough portion for most appetites (it's not a main course). Service by Rayshawn was friendly and attentive. Prices seemed reasonable for New York Times Square.
Restaurant was recommended to us and we were very happy with the location and the quality of the food. Excellent seafood choices, very attentive service from our host to our waiter, Adrian Ruiz. Everything we tried was so good! The lobster bisque, bang bang shrimp, wonton tuna poke tacos and white cheddar mac/cheese are all a must try! We will definitely return on our next trip to NYC!
Best place for atmosphere, food and service. Dined here twice before seeing a Broadway play. The food was delicious and the service fast thanks to Rayshawn and the cook staff!! The meal was prepared quickly. Rayshawn was amiable, attentive and made for a pleasant experience. Ask for him when making reservations. 😊
Rayshawn is a great staff member and helped my girlfriend and I out a ton. Come stop by.l and enjoy the food
Blue Fin has been my favorite sushi restaurant in NY since I was a little girl!! Everytime I come back to visit I make sure to stop by. I am so glad they are reopened from the pandemic and their new menu is delicious!! Lastnight my server Shawn was very accommodating and cared to make mine and my family’s dining experience great!
Had a great experience! Ray Shawn was our server, and he made some awesome suggestions. We were going to get a dozen oysters, and he suggested the Balcony appetizer. For an extra $30, we got the dozen oysters we wanted, plus we got mussels, tuna poke, a seafood salad, split king crab legs, and about a dozen cocktail shrimp. Our sushi, ribeye, salmon, and tuna tacos were all awesome. Overall great experience, atmosphere, and staff. Food runners made sure food got out timely, and everything was awesome.
The food was great and the service was wonderful - Our waiter Rayshawn was personable and very helpful. We picked several appetizers for our meal and were not disappointed.
Service was very good, place is a star in times Square, really is, must go after or before theatre, best in times Square ,I sat at bar and had sea bass, excellent, and the 2 ladies and manager were the best.
We had a wonderful dinner at Blue Fin. We didn’t know what to expect as it’s in the heart of Times Square. Rayshawn, our server, was great-very attentive and helpful! Service was excellent! Our family of 4 ordered lobster bisque and tiger prawn dumplings for starters. Soup was delicious. Dumplings were small but good!! For entrees we had miso glazed sea bass, pan seared salmon, blackened scallops, and 2 sushi rolls. (There is an additional sushi menu besides the main menu.) Everything was great! The miso glazed sea bass was especially good. We had butterscotch bread pudding for dessert and the staff wrote Happy Birthday on the plate in chocolate as we were celebrating our daughter’s birthday. It was scrumptious. Highly recommend Blue Fin.
We had a great Christmas dinner with our server, Rayshawn! Delicious bang bang shrimp and sushi! Check this place out
Had a chance to meet my sister and her friend there for dinner. So glad we did. Food was great and the ambiance even better. Sushi was fantastic and centrally located right in the middle of Times Square. 
With the reopening after COVID the management is focusing on the seafood side of the house and has missed a lot of offerings on the lower level sushi bar. And to top it off if you eat at the sushi level there is no ordering from the upstairs menu- same kitchen and staff not smart people! Bring back the edamame and ginger salad!
The restaurant was closed for several years for renovation and is now looking great. Food was well prepared and service was superb.
We went to the Blue Fin - it is near the Marriott Marquis and the Crowne Plaza hotels. Downstairs they serve sushi and upstairs they serve limited sushi and lots of other wonderful menu choices.I had the salmon which was excellent!! My husband had the tuna and he loved that too. We also enjoyed a salad and the chocolate diva to end the meal.Sophia was our wait staff and she was awesome - very professional, friendly and she made our evening very enjoyable. We sat upstairs and the ambiance was perfect - I'd definitely ask for a table up there again.You won't be disappointed with this restaurant - made a reservation today - it's excellent!!
We wanted some seafood after the theater. Blue Fin was in the right place at the right time. Ate in the bar at 11 pm. We enjoyed a dozen oysters, a couple of martinis, sushi and lobster mashed. Excellent
Saw a good review so decided to try it out for Valentines Day Dinner ❤️Glad we choose this restaurant. We ordered crab legs, shrimp cocktail, beet salad, and Thai seafood stew. Everything was amazing and the server didn’t rush us through our courses.Will definitely go back and try something different!
Recommend by hotel concierge, seafood restaurant, had a lobster cocktail (1lb), market price, $30, then Thai seafood hot pot, chocolate cake, overall, the food were good value and tasty except cocktail a bit pricey, service averagely okay. Well, Time Square for me. 
Well, how many staff members are you usually served by in a restaurant ? As a rule, the answer to the question is "3", i.e. a receptionist, a maitre'd and a waiter. But no, not in the "Blue Fin" place!. There you are greeted by the doorman(no.1) at the entrance, then escorted upstairs by the beautiful receptionist(no.2) looking like the young Naomi Campbell; afterwards you'll be accompanied to the table and served by 4 more persons, including the chef and the waiter, - in our case it was lovely Laura, the absolutely irresistible lady! And yes, the meal was nice,too,
The seafood was fresh and the staff were very attentive. Good choices in sushi a number of creative options 
Blue Fin offers flavourful fresh sushi in a creative way and plenty of cooked choices as well. Large restaurant with a lively scene. Music is loud making it fun anytime of day. 
The service was excellent, the food was nothing special. I ordered the evening special and you’d think it would be special but it was just decent good.
Wonderful service and good foodI called and asked about breakfast options. There was an honest assessment of in hotel dining and more casual options outside. We chose to eat in. It was a table for two - me and my granddaughter Abigail. Abigail eyes were big..she wanted a side eggs, pancakes, granola yogurt and hot chocolate. I had coffee and the make your own omelette with kale, mushrooms and Avocado 🥑. The food was NYC good...and great service. The tab was $62...my granddaughter said not bad...and I compared it to the price of her McDonald breakfast the day before... I think she got it😉. Great experience... be prepared to pay for it!
My date and I had a great experience at Blue fin. We were seated in a semi private dining area, as the main room was full. Our server, Kendra, made us feel welcome and provided us with exceptional service. The food was great. Definitely recommend this restaurant!
I love the location of blue fin it is in the heart of time square. The interior was redone and is quite nice and it’s a lively restaurant. The service is uneven though as our waiter vanished for entire half hour after serving us. It is probably because it gets a pre-theater crowd that floods the restaurant then leaves all at once. My biggest criticism is the food which Is so categorically average. I never expected blue fin to be Nobu but I would hope it would that be at the level of Sugar Fish which it is not. It is perhaps slightly above grocery store sushi. Average. 
The food, atmosphere and service are extraordinary! We were wary that Blue Fin would be a tourist trap given it's location right in Times Square. That couldn't be further from the truth. I had the Spicy Salmon Tartare appetizer, which was the best i have ever had. Then, I had the Walnut-Encrusted Cod and the Spicy Carrot Cake Pana Cotta for dessert. My husband had the Surf and Turf with hanger steak and shrimp. All excellent. Service great. I would go back and I highly recommend it if you are going to a show, or staying in Midtown. And, it is part of the Landry Restaurant Group, so you can get points if you are a member of their loyalty program. 
We had a reservation getting four before the Broadway show. This is a sushi and sashimi place on Broadway. The main key fir this restaurant us the location. They got their customers who have their dinner before the show , so called show goers. They don’t have too much time to sit down and relax while having dinner. So they will take what’s available. We got a bottle of rose , few sushi rolls , miso soup and appetizers. The quality of these sushi is so so . Being a resident of SF I‘ve had a much better sushi experience . Thus was just ok , mediocre kind of Asian inspired meal for a higher price tag.... just ok ....
Sehr schönes Restaurant direkt am Times Square. Tolles Ambiente, vielseitige Speisekarte. Die Speisen waren exzellent. Leider etwas zu teuer.
In the one area of New York that has Applebee's and other generic chains, this is good NYC restaurant. Not the most amazing of all the amazing NYC sushi restaurants, but solid. It's in the W Hotel, which makes it super convenient if you are staying there. It's a good place to eat before or after a Broadway show.
Restaurant is on the ground floor of the W hotel building. While it is not technically part of the hotel, you can charge meals to your room. Your charges do not count toward the daily destination fee at the hotel. We really liked the decor of this place, including the unique jellyfish hung from the ceiling. My wife had one their smoothies and I had a traditional egg breakfast with potatoes and sausage. It took a bit for the service staff to initially get to us, but once things got going the service was fine. 
My family had a great time celebrating New Year's Eve 2019 at Blue Fin. We were very hesitant to spend as much money as we did with no 100% guarantee we would be able to go outside to Times Square and see the ball drop at midnight. But Blue Fin delivered! The food and drinks were outstanding. The entertainment was incredible. The service was fantastic. Around 11:30 we made our way out to Times Square. What an awesome life experience to share with my wife and two young daughters - New Year's Eve in Times Square!! We witnessed the countdown and saw the fireworks. Unfortunately we had a bad angle and could not see the entire ball drop but it was great singing and celebrating as confetti fell all around us. I recommend moving around more once you get outside to get a better view. It was very crowded so I was more worried about keeping my young daughters close to me than getting the best view. While waiting for the ball to drop we met a family from Brisbane, Australia! We hung out in Times Square until 12:15 and then headed back into Blue Fin to continue partying. We had delicious desserts!! After 1:00 am we headed back to our hotel. We were shocked by how empty the streets were. It was so calm and relaxing. NYPD did a spectacular job keeping everyone safe. Be aware of how many roads are blocked off. It took us an hour to walk around to the proper meeting point to enter Times Square. If you are ever going to celebrate New Year's Eve in Time Square I highly recommend going to Blue Fin!!
We sat at our table in a half empty restaurant for 20 minutes and no server or other staff came near us. It was not until I asked the host for assistance that any server visited our table. I am not sure what the problem was. But this is a sure sign of poor management.The fill in server did take our order and assured us that our entrees would be promptly delivered. He said that someone would bring bread. 10 minutes later an indifferent person who came from nowhere dropped bread on our table. 15 minutes later the entrees showed up.The food was great!So it is a pity that the evening was ruined by poor service.
Disappointed. We ate here several years ago and had a wonderful meal. We were catching a show close by and decided to go here again. My seafood pasta was awful. Bland and fishy tasting like the seafood was frozen and they did comp it when they realized I wasn’t eating my meal. My husbands meal was short rib ravioli and scallops and very good.
excellent autant pour le breakfeast que pour les diners service tres agreabke;je n'aime pas les sushis mais certains les apprecient;on arrive directement de l'hotel w
We recently stopped here for a late seafood lunch (3:45pm) but discovered seafood options for lunch were kind of limited. They had brunch/egg stuff, sushi and despite what we were told by both the hostess and at least one waitress, you can order from the raw bar. Food was good, but not so good I would go out of my way to eat there. It took forever for them to assign a waiter to us (20 minutes?) even though the restaurant was almost empty. The waiter we finally got was excellent (and told us that we COULD order from the raw bar) so we were happy. Nice atmosphere.
We ate here before a play. We had the Lobster Fra Diavolo for two and it was excellent. Beware this meal is really messy. My wife also enjoyed the bartenders alcohol free drinks.
From the cocktails to the freshest sushi this place is great. We had the broiled lobster stuffed with crab which was done perfectly ! The ambiance is friendly with modern decor and friendly wait staff who are accurate with your order and attentive to your needs. The place is a bit loud, which is why I only rated it with 4 stars. Seriously, it's a fine restaurant and we make it a point to come at least once when we visit NYC.
Waiter, there's a hair on my sushi!We were about to tuck in to our sushi when we noticed a curly hair sitting proud on the sushi. In addition to this;We had to chase up drinks as starter had arrived by not the drinks. Apparently they were 'still being made'. It was a beer from a can and a glass of wine....not sure what had to be 'made'.The wine was not cold enough.Immediately after the 'hair incident' we were asked how our evening was so far - I told the waitress that it was fine until I found a hair sat on my sushi.We had to chase up fries which we'd ordered with our main course - they arrived at a point in the dinner when I had less than half of my dinner left.The main course itself was lovely - such a shame about the list of things above.
We enjoyed the oysters to start. Good salads and tasty lobster and shrimp roll. Service was good. The prices where a bit steep, but this is New York city! I would defenately recommend stopping here for a meal and a glass of wine.
Blue Fin specializes in seafood and they do a fine job. The staff is welcoming and friendly and the location is perfect for Broadway theatre goers as it is just off 47th Street on Broadway, It's a large restaurant with two floors for dinning and they have a decent wine list. This is one of our "go to" restaurants and we always get a good meal there.
when we visited Blue Fin a couple of years ago it was a huge restaurant with wall to wall windows and an upstairs for seating as well...we visited recently on a rainy Saturday and were surprised that half of the restaurant space, the half that had the great viewing windows, had been taken over by another establishment. Blue Fin's entrance is still downstairs but the majority of seating is upstairs...it is still very charming and the menu was pretty much the same if not better. Our brunch included a free beverage...bloody mary, mimosa, or some other choice. Angela was our server and seemed to be covering the whole floor although it was not very crowded. One of my sisters was visiting the city for the first time and was very pleased with her new york state of mind burger...my other sister and i settled for breakfast items which we had on our previous visit....the quality of food is good as is the atmosphere...even though it's only half of what it was....we took an elevator at the end of the hall where the restrooms are and thought we would end up on the first floor entrance...we were surprised to find ourselves near the kitchen of the other establishment and could not find our way out!..very confusing!
Friendly service at the bar.Slow once you ask for a table despite them not being really busy.Food of a decent quality but probably overpriced but then the whole of New York is overpriced unless you are grabbing a slice of pizza and a beer at one of the caf type places.
The staff are very nice, the place is so cozy. We sat in the upstairs dining for dinner after a Broadway show and for breakfast before starting our day the next day. Very convenient if you're staying in times square. The food was excellent. We also went there just for drinks and the staff were very accommodating, even had us sit on a table instead of the bar. The whole experience was wonderful. Another one on our must go list when in New York.
What an amazing evening. We were very late buying tickets but so glad we did what an evening they put on ! The manager David what an asset to your restaurant, great great customer service. The whole evening from start to finish was excellent, the champagne, the entertainment and the food ! The food was outstanding and did not stop literally all night. It was hot and fresh and then the dessert. We also got to go outside at midnight in a special area which was fantastic. Highly highly recommend. 
My daughter and I were recommended this restaurant by the Concierge at our hotel - it is right in the heart of Times Square and so I was somewhat concerned that it would be a bit touristy. Once we got through the door (and past the tacky sail sign advertising the place), we were escorted upstairs to the elegant dining room. The menu was well laid out and easy to find lots we liked. The tables were a little close together, but I find that pretty commonplace in big cities. The service was amazing and upon our return a second evening, we were well remembered by more than just our waiter! The staff were very attentive and pleasant without rushing us. The food was wonderful (hence the reason for a second visit). My daughter practically inhaled her food - she generally eats like a bird! The raw bar and sashimi is a little on the pricey side, but I think we were paying for location as much as anything. On the whole I would thoroughly recommend it - just don't judge a book by its cover - go through the front door and you are transported from the chaotic hustle and bustle of Times Square into an elegant, cool, great vibe restaurant - awesome choice of background music too! We will be back - for sure.
My boyfriend and I went to Times Square pretty late at night on a Sunday in very casual clothes. Decided we were hungry and were in the mood for some fresh sushi. We were nervous we would be told we were not dressed appropriately, when we entered we were greeted with smiles and got a table. The staff was amazing, the food was amazing and the whole experience was great. We wanted to go back the next day but unfortunately we had to get back to Colorado. We are planning a trip back and this will be our first stop!
Was here for dinner, but was has this placed changed. Don't get me wrong food was still good but if you look at service wise it is one big mess. Our server was the whole time one big grump. We never saw a smile. We then ask for a manager and the assistant general manager came by and she was the same way. Grumpy and a fake smile on her face, she said she was going to take a couple of things of the check but in the end we paid for the whole check. If this is the direction this well known company goes to you will never see me again here!!!!!!
We just came back from a trip to New York and dined at the Blue Fin twice for breakfast and three times in the evening for dinner - that number of visits in a week speaks for itself! Our first visit was for breakfast and they have a really great selection of well cooked and beautifully presented dishes and I felt that breakfast in Times Square for two at under $50 was good. In the evenings, we ate once at the upstairs bar - fascinating entertainment from the barman who managed to look after the whole restaurant single handed! Food in the evening is amongst the best you will get, not just in New York but anywhere in the world. Try the New York strip steak medium rare - it's melts in your mouth and has the best seasoning I have ever tasted. Also great is the simply grilled Halibut and the Lobster Bouillabaisse Pot Pie. We ate there on our own (a couple) and with adult family. We didn't dine with children but they do have a children's menu in addition to the main menu. The signature cocktail is highly recommended. If you are planning to dine there on a Friday or Saturday I recommend you book but midweek is a little easier to get a table if you just turn up.
After recommendations we had dinner here after a fantastic Broadway show "On The Town". I generally find that restaurants in the middle of a popular tourist location are over-rated and over-priced. Well, this one fits the statistics. We got a table for 4. The whole room is very noisy due to the acoustics. Waiter was quick to the table and food came out quickly. We ordered oysters as a starter. They were OK, a bit thin. The special of soft shell crab sushi roll sounded good in theory. Unfortunately, the rice was a long way from what I know as good sushi. The rice was soggy which turned the nori into rubber, making it hard to chew and getting stuck in the throat. The crab itself was under-whelming. A bowl of minestrone soup tasted mostly like tomato soup. The glass of Chardonnay I ordered never arrived. We didn't order a lot, being the first (and last) time at this restaurant, but the bill came to more than $130. A disappointing, but predictable, experience. Not the worst Sushi I've had, but I have made much better myself.
My husband and I always stopped at the Blue Fin bar because it has a great view (street level) of the steps right at Times Square. We have been there many times ..This time we wanted to eat here because for the first time we had the time!! We were so excited. We are huge sushi fans... The Maitre'D with his odd nouveau hair which actually looked childish on him would just not seat us. We said we didn't mind waiting. We told him we would wait at the bar as long as it takes. Well he never ever got us and we waited and waited. We ate our whole meal at the bar. Shame on him! By the way... the food was mediocre and the sushi was supermarket sushi.
Yes, Blue Fin has very good and service, and is located in a amazing location...BUT, it is sooooo very over-priced for what you get. Basically, you're paying a very large premium to eat at the W Hotel in Times Square. So, if you're OK with over-paying for dinner - just to eat at a 'hip' place...fine. But, if you want equally good food and service for a whole lot less cash, I recommend that you look somewhere else.
We stopped for breakfast were not impressed.Upside? The decor is hip; portions are large and the air conditioning is good. But this was offset by the high price you have to pay for lackadasical service and average food. We had two specific requests (the coffee was lukewarm and one of our colleagues wanted her omlet made a specific way) and no reaction on either. The whole attitude seemed to be that this is what you should expect in New York...and that's just not true.
Blue Fin is a beautiful restaurant and the manager and wait staff are wonderful. They truly made my visit A+ but some of the food made my visit not an over all A + The beer salad and hibiscus punch were truly outstanding but ordering 3 made to order sushi rolls that arrived in 5 minutes didn't seem to me as made to order. The three rolls were good but not made to order in my book. The lobster bisque was lobsterless and the ravioli were pure salt. The dessert menu was not at all impressive. Overall the people made Blue Fin memorable but work needs to be done on the food. 
The food is what you go for, the fresh oysters, kusshi oysters, kumomoto, but today they were out of stock on the malbeque oysters. Ordered lobster bisque and they put a nice healthy large spoon ful of lobster in the center of the bowl, then poured a perfectly balanced lobster soup around. It was great.
The atmosphere in the Blue Fin (second floor) was worm and cozy, (although a bit crammed).We found the Tuna Tarare to be excellent and interesting (was that carmalized ginger in there?), and the Scottish Salmon to be perfectly made and balanced with the lobster risotto.The wine-by-the-glass selection menu was rather narrow, but we found a nice Chardonnay to go with our meal.The deserts, however, are not the strong case of the restaurant.Altogether, we had a good time and an enjoyable experience.
The restaurant is right on Time Square, next to the W hotel. Really nice and relaxing decor, friendly staff from the reception on, a well balanced menu ( don't forget, it is call Blue Fin so fish is the main thing! ). Not too many choices but enough to choose from, including the classics: salmon, cod and bass. They also have a few " not fish" choices to accomodate those who do not like fish.Plates are well presented and portions are reasonables. I took the green leaves salad as an appetizer and it was excellent, mix of greens, apples, grilled pecanes with a well balanced vinaigrette. The mix of flavors was pleasant to the eyes and to the taste buds. My main course was cod, excellent, Rested on a fair porton of vegetables, colors and flavors also inviting.My husband could not resist the chocolate tart...and was he happy about it !My espresso coffee was week and without crema ...but beside that, and beside our waiter who was apparently late for a date ( speedy Gonzales was slow in comparaison ), the meal was an overall pleasant experience. We had half bottle of white wine and a bottle of sparkling water; the bill came up to 144$....really not too bad for a such a nice and good restaurant on Time Square on a Saturday night, the night before the NY Marathon !I do recommand it.
We had dinner here before seeing a show. I started with one of their cocktails - The cranberry shrub. Very tasty, but a bit sweet, so one would be enough. We started with the shrimp and lobster spring rolls. Very yummy. I ordered Chef Boo's Chirashi bowl. It wasn't what was on the menu - I think that they may have substituted some of the items as I had egg (the sweetened omelet) with mine and that is not on the menu. No biggie, but something that I realized in retrospect. My husband did his normal of over ordering pieces of sushi. He was happy with most, but not as happy with their spicy tuna roll. Our service was good - but it was clear that he was a bit harried at times. Bottom line, if you are in the area, this is a very good option - great location, great food.
Sat at the bar on a recent Sunday for brunch. Arrived at 11:45am for brunch. We were ignored by the bartender with the pony tail for 15 minutes, as he set up his bar. We asked for two iced teas. He appeared aggravated because he needed to leave the bar to get the teas. They were served as dark as coffee and had a bitter acrid taste, as if they had been sitting for days. No sweetener was offered. No straws. I asked if there were any fresher ice teas. He walked away and never came back. There are WAY too many choices for good food in this area so we went to Haru Sushi on 43rd and had a great dining experience. PS: I find it funny, in reading the reviews for Blue Fin, that Ramona, the Manager, only responds to people who leave positive reviews. That definitely tells you something about the restaurant. Stay away! 
Stopped here on a whim for breakfast while traveling with another couple. Pleasantly surprised by the many breakfast choices on the menu, with many choices for a health-conscious individual. Quite appetizing and filling! Many offereings for all tastes.
After arriving from a 30hours of international flying, it was BLISS to find a welcoming, healthy place to eat. The service was fantastic, the selection of breakfast dishes and drinks available sorted all eight people with us, from the more health conscious to those who wanted a real hearty big breakfast. My absolute delight was the 'green juice' - perfect to recharge. Even got special service when arriving after breakfast menu hours, got items made special. We didn't eat there for lunches or eveing meals, but the menu read fantastically and given the freshess, selection, presentation and taste of our three days of breakfasting there, I would defintely recommend, and WILL return there should I be in NY again. Fin them right in Times Square! There's window seating for those wanting to enjoy the hussle of Times Square, then downstairs and upstairs dining areas. Bathroom was super clean and spacious (its upstairs)
Go for breakfast and make a reservation first. Best darn pancakes you have ever had. My wife and I are health freaks and we work out daily. But you must order either the blueberry (lots of blueberries) pancakes or the chocolate orange pancakes with whipped butter and syrup. Heaven... right in the heart of Times Square. The carmelized fruit with Yogurt and Almonds did not suck either!!!
We went there 2 days in a row, absolutely smitten by their healthy offering of Thai noodles. They believe in natural flavours from fresh ingredients and print "anti-MSG" on their menu.I will definitely re-visit when back in neighbourhood 
We a looked forward to some good food without hurting the pocket too bad! Pure Thai located at nine Ave. Manth NY. The restaurant is simple but nature. There home made noodle a excellent. We had a noodles soups. Some Thai beer Chang! Very good tastes! Green papaya salad add $2 blue crab was very very excellent! Wok Charred Calamari was awesome! Chill turmeric with beef and crab meat fried rice was ver delious! Service is good ! Lunch time was busy! All in all another great time at Pure! 
Service was very good, by Emmy. I had the Thai Basil Chicken with Basil, sunny side egg and rice. It was very tasty and good. My wife had the special of the day with shrimp, veggies of all sorts, rice and fried corn tofu pancake. She also had Chrysanthemum Iced Tea. 
Was in after three days of trade show and meetings. Tiny spot, had to wait 20 minutes. Was well worth it. Restaurant was packed with locals. Friendly service, varied but limited menu. For appetizer had Blue Crab and Papaya Salad. Tasty, flavorful and nice and cold. Stir fry is one of the specialties. Had the Cashew and Shrimp with assorted FRESH vegetables with some brown rice. Sauce was great and veggies were done just right. Service is quick, efficient and friendly. Orders are made on demand. Reasonable prices. Back in a heartbeat.
Excellent authentic Thai food served in a tiny restaurant by efficient and friendly staff. We were seated after a 30-minute wait—to be expected given the size of the restaurant, but they have a good system where one can leave name and phone number and then monitor the remaining wait time while walking the neighbourhood or taking a drink somewhere. We shared chicken skewers with peanut sauce, veggie dumplings, pad Thai and a green curry. Everything was excellent!
We had an hour wait on a Friday night but went next door to get a beer while we waited (they have $5 drafts!). We loved the cozy feel and the food was so fresh and soooo good. I ordered the veggie dumplings they were perfect.
Just two blocks from the theater district- this tiny Thai place was great. You may walk right by but it’s worth finding. Upon being seated, they brought a small bottle of cold water - check! I ordered stir fried vegetables with tofu medium spicy. It was so tasty. The sauce was light and flavorful with a great selection of fresh veggies. I’ll be back!
Every dish we had was unique and flavoursome, excellent value for money.We started with the papaya salad and veggie dumplings, both tasty, especially the salad which really warmed the tongue.For mains we had jungle curry (nice but the least favourite from the dishes), pork & crab dry noodles (excellent) & duck noodle soup which was also great.Would highly recommend 
We were excited to try this place out after reading the great reviews. It’s a very small restaurant with close quarters, not a big deal but The small size and close quarters would get to some. The service was really good with less than 20 tables and at least 14 staff (u could see in kitchen). The veggie dumplings were good but the Thai wings were deep fried wings with a Thai dipping sauce. Very disappointing as they could have stuffed them with Thai spices and made them better than the local pub. The mains were good but wish there was a little more spice to them. I think this is a popular place as it’s very small with lots of style and “fun” so considering that we have it 4 stars as the food is average to slightly above. 
First, know that this is not a spacious restaurant. Prepare to get cozy, and definitely to wait for a seat for dinner. Second, know that the coziness and wait are well worth it. In fact, the food is so spectacular we ate here twice during our 5-day stay in NYC. The tofu & veggie wok dish I had the first night was superb. I could taste each and every vegetable; the tofu was presented in abundance and perfectly cooked. The second night I had a noodle dish with veggies, all mixed with a hint of hotness. The noodles tasted homemade. I wish I had tried a hot dish, but alas, we ran out of time. A wonderfully tasty, wholesome experience. On a last note, they have a take-out/delivery service--something to consider.
We went on a Friday night and waited around an hour at 7p. Worth the wait if you are not in a hurry to be somewhere else. They will take your cell phone number and text you five minutes before seating if you want to explore while you wait. Very small restaurant and dining area, but excellent entrees and wait staff. We enjoyed pad se ew and pad Thai, both excellent. Daily specials on the board in back of restaurant. Homemade family noodle recipe, and you could absolutely tell. Very fresh veggies inside the prepared dishes. Highly recommend.
Took subway here from another part of town because my husband wanted Thai food for lunch. Chose Pure Thai because it's #1 Thai food in NYC. Really fun Thai music playing, delicious chicken curry puffs, spring rolls, bowls of rice or noodles with lots of veggie and protein combos. Like many NYC restaurants it's small, but very friendly and great vibe. 
Found it via Trip Advisor's app. Small place, nothing fancy at all, very good service with attentive and fast staff. Food was excellent, good number a choices, variety of meats, some sea food, vegetables, noodles, rice. We had curry puffs, veggie rolls, pad thai and pork wok with jasmine rice. Could have a little bit more beer options and staffer could have warned us that one of the dishes we ordered had a stronger type of hot sauce than average. A bit pricy, but not it did not take away from the experience. 
A bit of a wait but there's a bar next door you can have a cheap beer. Worth the wait - buzzy and excellent food. Dumplings were delicious and made in house.
This place was very busy and doesn't take reservations so when we rolled up to the door we were told to come back in an hour. We did and we got a table almost straight away. The Steamed Vegetable Dumplings were probably the best starter i have ever had. Seriously, they are so good. Our mains were also very nice. We finished with a mango sticky rice which wasn't as good as the best one i had in Thailand but wasn't far off. I really recommend this place.
We shared three dishes for lunch. Best Thai food I've ever eaten. Can't remember the names of the dishes but one involved pork (a signature dish), another was a special with halibut, and lastly the veggie spring roles. I eat Thai often, but nothing comes close to this.
Visited for lunch based on reviews. The food was just as good as expected and better. We had the mixed vegetable stir fry with beef and the jungle curry. Delicious! It wasn't heavy at all. Very fresh and crisp veggies which is always a bonus. The staff are great too. Only tip is decide early you want to dine here as there's always a wait. 
Service was very good, by Emmy. I had the Thai Basil Chicken with Basil, sunny side egg and rice. It was very tasty and good. My wife had the special of the day with shrimp, veggies of all sorts, rice and fried corn tofu pancake. She also had Chrysanthemum Iced Tea. 
We had heard about this place before setting off for NYC as Tmthainis our favourite food, and after a long day sightseeing we finally got here and it was definitely worth it. The food is fabulous and one of the best thai's that I have eaten in. So if your speculating or just not sure then please try it, you won't be disappointed. 
My husband and I enjoyed a delicious meal at this lively restaurant! We sat outdoors and enjoyed the vibe of the neighborhood passersby. The service was excellent. Inside the bar area was filled with diners enjoying each others company, drinks and food. Further back in the restaurant the noise level was much lower. The summer decor is vibrant and very attractive. We loved our meal and look forward to going back for more!
We made 5:30 reservations not knowing how long the Michael Jackson show would run. We arrived early at 4:50. The young man seated us. It’s a long, narrow restaurant. Tables were close together, about 10 in all. There were tables along the walls too. The place was getting crowded. Great to see. The workers couldn’t be friendlier. I ordered the chicken pad Thai. My husband tried a special on the board. His was called Spacial Man. One beer. $56.
There’s a reason it’s hard to get a table at Pure Thai, it’s great. The food is FANTASTIC and there is a great variety to choose from. Staff are wonderfully warm and welcoming. Be ready to cosy up to the party on the next table, you’re pretty crammed in - but everyone is there for the same reason and that shared experience gives a really nice vibe to the room. Book in advance to be sure of a table, or rock up but be prepared to wait.Worth a visit, most certainly.
Délicieuse cuisine thaï, à découvrir !Pad thaï aux crevettes, boeuf émincé au curry vert, wok crevettes, tout était excellent et copieux.
80% authentic thai food. Small place with small tables and chairs. Little bit cramped. The papaya salad and green curry were fantastic. Pad thai didn’t look very fresh. Service was fast
Excellent restaurant, rapport qualité prix, rapidité du service. Petite salle, réservation conseillée. 
It absolutely deserves all the incredible reviews it has received. I haven’t had Thai food this authentic and delicious, since I was in Asia. Wonderful food. Prompt and friendly service. Highest recommendation!
Excellent on the appetizer sampler. You get a taste of several things. Good service. I will be back. A bit pricy but it is worth it.
Fantastic! Do it!!!!Totally worth the line. Been coming back for years💜Their noodles and broth are made on site and the difference is noticeable and appreciated 
Just round the corner from our hotel. Easy to book on open table in advance. Food was great. Quick service. Good price.
Outstanding!Best Thai we’ve had in the city! From appetizers to dessert, we were pleasantly surprised. Wait staff are extremely attentive and prices are spot on!
Top du début à la fin. On vous conseille de réserver un table, surtout si vous êtes plus de deux.J'ai retrouvé les saveurs thailandaises (et le spicy) que j'adore. Service au top et rapide mais on ne se sent pas pressé comme d'autres restaurants.Nous avons pris les fried chicken, les noodle au crabe et porc et le wok basil/chicken(spicy).Y aller les yeux fermés
WOW!What a find we were actually looking for a Chinese but found Pure and boy were we glad.Chicken satay buns to start followed by prawn pad, Thai, and a fantastic beef noodle dish.Service was excellent , well priced someone happy to return
The food was very delicious and the service was great and fast. They don't have a ton of seating, so there is a bit of a wait, but we felt it was worth it. Their Pad Thai is gluten free, which I was appreciative of. They have a couple other maim dishes and a few appetizers that are gf. The server was very knowledgeable about what I was able to eat with my dietery restrictions. In terms of protein, the tofu is not gf, but the chicken was. I noticed they also had a few vegan items listed on the menu as well. We would go back!
The vegan options were excellent, and the pumpkin custard on sticky rice dessert was unusual but tasty.
My husband and I ate a late lunch here. The printed menu signifies which dishes are vegan. We enjoyed our food a lot. The service was great. We had a hard time finding the restaurant - found the doorway which has a little tent around it. It is a smaller restaurant.
So we were bumming around Hells Kitchen without a clue and stumbled upon this gem. We walked in and needed to wait around 45 minutes but it was well worth it. The food was fresh, fast and delicious. Possibly the best Thai we’ve ever had. It was reasonably priced and I couldn’t recommend highly enough. Amazing vegan options (for me) and utterly worth a visit. Wish we could go again 
The papaya salt was ok not spicy enough As min course I had a vegan pad seeyou which was also good.But I was not extra impressed to make the effort and come again
I was looking for a restaurant with good vegan options. Looked on trip advisor, and this place had great reviews! And they were right! I had the steamed vegetable dumplings and the Pad Woon Sen with Vegetables. They were both fantastic. We arrived around 6pm, and it was about a 30-45 min wait. We went next door and had a glass of wine, they texted us, when our table was ready. The staff was great. Service was quick and friendly. I think, we are going back tomorrow! lol
We were recommended by our hotel concierge and he told us it was visited by mostly locals. The place is tiny and packed with a queue inside (and often out at dinner time). Very causal much like a little market stall restaurant. We queued for 15 minutes on Friday night at 5.30pm and we were glad we did. We loved it so much we went back on Saturday night and knew that the 45 minute queue time was well worth the wait. Amazing food choices (vegetarian/vegan included) and also Thai desserts. If I had another few nights in NY I'd be happy to go back there every evening for dinner and try something new on the menu. Absolute WINNER of my weekend in NYC.Very cheap for the quality of the food!
Not sure if you can ring ahead to book but well worth doing if you can because it's so popular! We arrived early evening and were asked to wait for 30mins for our table which is fine because there are some nice bars close by which adds to the build up.... A narrow restaurant, quite simple and urban in its presentation with bench tables and brightly coloured metal stools. The menu isn't massive but with a great selection of authentic Thai dishes including plenty for vegetarians too! Service was very attentive and pleasant... Mid range prices, well worth a visit!
We absolutely loved everything we tried at Pure Thai Cookhouse. We were in NYC for a week and only discovered this place on our second last day there...so we ate from there two days in a row :). It’s that good. We have a vegetarian in our family and both the meat and veg dishes were excellent. It’s been 2 months and none of us can stop talking about the dumplings. Highly recommend you check this place out if you like Thai flavours or if you’re curious about them. One note of caution: they have very limited seating. Ordering out is a great option. 
Had dinner here recently. Some of the best Thai food anywhere. Place is very small, about 35 seats. It's worth the tight space and wait. We had vegetarian pot stickers and chicken satay for appetizers. Excellent choices. Entrees we're a noodle dish and a stir fried chicken dish. Great flavors. Service was quick and attentive. Hope to return. 
We thought this restaurant had delicious food, and it is within walking distance of the theater district. My daughter is gluten free and vegetarian, so Thai food is always a good option. She was impressed with her dish, and the Mango Sticky Rice (my favorite) was phenomenal.
Not vegetarian friendly. Menu has just a few things without fish sauce or meat, and they're not very exciting. I got the Pad Mee Bo-Lan With Vegetables, which was just bad -- the other three at the table all agreed that it was too.
A ready to serve restaurant with a well balanced menu both for vegetarians as for meat eaters. Good soups. Can adjust levels of spiciness in dishes.Good to eat sprin rolls, wok ginger curry with calamari and Pad Thai with shrimp.Open for lunch and dinner.
Hell's Kitchen has several Thai restaurants, but this one stands out. The service is efficient and friendly. The space is small and fills quickly, so make sure you plan ahead if you're headed to the theatre (we hoped to get in on our summer of 2015 trip, but the line was too long!). The menu and it's offerings are vegetarian friendly, and the food is quite tasty! Don't miss this gem!
Noted this place was rated in the top 1% of restaurants in all of NYC so we had to try it. Not disappointed at all. We came for lunch and had about a 20 min wait. Service is personal and efficient. They were attentive to food allergies in our group. Started with the vegetarian spring rolls and shared the wok turmeric beef, beef fried rice and pad Thai shrimp. Great flavor and fresh. Great location in Hells Kitchen and worth the visit. 
Went to the restaurant based on your great reviews. First Thai restaurant I've visited where they cannot make a Pad Thai or a curry dish without fish or oyster sauce. No exceptions. Very rigid. The only two options available to us were the vegetable dumpling and fried tofu appetizers. I appreciate that they were nice and honest about the ingredients, but we left without eating. Had a great Thai meal a couple blocks south where it was simple to order any dish without fish or oyster sauce. 
I have been to this establishment a couple of times and have to say it is way overrated. There are so many great thai places in NYC and I wonder why people flock to this one
The place is relatively small and quite popular so we had to wait for about a half hour for a table, and this was at 8:30 or 9 in the evening! As a vegetarian, I had options here and the food was good. They also had Chang and Singha beers from Thailand which was a nice touch as well. I'd recommend this place, especially if the wait for a table isn't a long one. 
we were looking for an authentic Thai and we found it. As you can't book we had to wait for around 20 minutes. Thankfully we did. The food was very tasty and very spicy, just as we wanted it. The menu is nice and varied and it has fish, chicken, meat and vegetarian dishes. Very reasonably priced. 
This place is AMAZING. Ambiance & interior is funky & pleasant. The staff were super efficient. Only a small restaurant but the food & service was super fast that it got people in & out quickly but didn't make you feel uncomfortable if you wanted to hang around. All the food we ate was beautiful. I highly rate the vegetarian streamed dumplings). The $ is the best for the food & service you get. Wish my trip was longer so I could go back. If your in the area, you must stop in. 
Very good food and worth the wait. Felt very authentic and impressed with the size and quality of portions. We like spicy food but found them to be towards the hotter end of the scale so if you’re not so great with spicy food definitely ask for it to be toned down a little bit. Would definitely eat here again! Also able to cater to gluten free diet.
I visited here a few years ago and then came back yesterday for lunch with my wife since we were back in town. I have a gluten allergy so the waiter pointed out the Pad Thai, Jungle Curry, and a couple of other options. i wasn't excited about any of them but went with the Jungle Curry and it was Excellent. It was a large portion and I was sad when it was gone. My wife went with the Turmeric Chicken and was very pleased with it as well. Both dishes had the perfect amount of spice for us (spicy but edible) and the service was great. The only drawback of the place is it's super small so we felt a bit cramped but I'd go back anytime I was in the area and wanting Thai without hesitation.
This tiny little restaurant near broadway is fantastic. Good service, fresh flavorful food, accommodating to gluten intolerance, and a fun atmosphere for lunch. We wil be back whenever we are in NYC!
Blink and you’ll miss it on the sidewalk. Very small place but it’s always rocking busy. A good sign. They use the Nowait app for reservations, but you have to be there to get the reservation first. They knew right away what was gluten-free. I had no issue eating there. Food was awesome!
Our Big Bus tour guide suggested we lunch at a restaurant on 9th ave so we found this place on the TA app and were not disappointed. We were in the mood for Thai and were delighted - never having been to Thailand I can’t say if it’s authentic - but it was gooooood! The steamed beef buns were perfect, soft, sweet, tangy, crunchy - yum! My husbands Pad See Ew with Beef was the best we’ve ever had. It’s a small space but we were seated right away when we walked in around 1:30 pm on a Monday. The place was cute and clean and the service was great - attentive and quick. 
Authentic, clean, fast service, friendly staff. A friend recommended and it lived up to expectation. Two thumbs way up!!!
This is a small place but packed for a Wed evening for dinner. Even though we made reservations, one of my guests was running late. They accommodated us well although they will only seat when all parties are present. Because my guest was late, we ended up sharing a table with other people. Not my favorite but I understood since they were crowded and I didn’t want to wait any longer. Food came quickly and was tasty. Portions were a little small as my son was still hungry. He ordered the crab and duck noodles. I had the basil chicken (very good) and my daughter had the Pad Thai (also very good). My guest ordered fried rice. There is only one bathroom but clean and large. I would come bk, hopefully getting the nice table in the front that gives you a view of 9th Ave. :)
when you walk into a thai place and most of the people that are eating are thai, you are in the right place for real thai. I found this on trip advisor reviews a couple of years ago, this trip was the first chance to try it. We got there around noon (when the open) and got in line for a table. This place is tiny! it's a narrow long room with a table up front and little counter, then tables in the back. cozy for sure, we waited about 20 minutes. we were very hungry by then and ordered up, roasted baby back ribs-exellent. crispy chicken wings- excellent green papaya salad- wife said it was just like that make it in thailand (she is thai) Pad thail- very good no too oily. the had a noodle soup she like very much. service is fast, friendly. atmosphere is hole in the wall clean. food is well worth the trip. for my wife to say anything was like "at home" means a lot as we go to thai places all over. it's easy to miss this place as it's basicly a small door on the street. small window with a bunch of very hungry thai people eating there.
We were warmly welcomed as soon as we entered the restaurant. Our server gave superb recommendations based on our preferences. While service was fast, we did not felt rushed. Their bathroom is clean and has an authentic feel of Thailand.Tip: get there early so you don't have to wait. They don't take RSVPPhotos to come. Can't upload with the phone 
we were looking for good thai and lucked up on this place. the first day we tried going for lunch it was packed with a 40 min wait. the next day we went back as soon as they opened and we were able to get in w no wait. the place is very small but clean and nice plus its NYC everything is small the food was very good. i had the pad thai and spring rolls both yummy
This was my second visit to this restaurant, and both times were memorable: the atmosphere is clean, physically a little cramped for space, interesting Thai music playing softly, no lingering aromas of previously cooked food, and young Thai women darting about organizing the flow. Since the place is consistently rated highly, it is very popular but if you happen to be alone you might find a spot at the bar immediately. The food is fantastic, really interesting collections of spices and flavors, you get a lot of food for the cost, and everything happens efficiently and quickly. You are not encouraged to leave as soon as you finish your meal but people did not seem to stick around very long. The customers that I saw on both occasions were young, arty, vibrant, interested in having a good meal and having a good time. I am 62 and not so arty and I did not feel out of place. REALLY good food
The flavors were "off" to me. I am from Portland, Maine where there are plenty of Thai restaurants some really stand out as authentic. (My husband loved his selection but he is not writing the review.) We stood in line waiting for the restaurant to open at noon. We got the second to last table because people cut in line. Friendly service, but felt rushed. The vegetable spring rolls were small and not outstanding. The Nakorn-Patom Duck Noodle Soup was generous, but not outstanding. Prices were reasonable. Bathroom is big and clean. Probably will not go back.
Pure Thai is a little hole-in-the-wall restaurant run seamlessly by a group of women. Tiny kitchen, tiny space overall. Very efficiently run and extremely clean. There seems to always be a line waiting to get in but don't be out off by that as the wait goes amazingly fast while u watch the kitchen at work and is unquestionably worth it. The ratchaburi crab and pork dry noodles is one of its most popular dishes and deservedly so. Its's a very unique dish, having a sweet vinegary taste with the handmade noodles. The green papaya salad is very fresh tasting and another hit, as was the wok chili tumeric with beef. For dessert, there is the banana leaf wrapped pumpkin custard over sweet sticky rice and its a perfect finish. Based on the quality and freshness of the dishes we had, there is nothing on the menu that I wouldn't be open to trying. Many of the dishes are unusual Thai and Vietnamese dishes that u rarely get in US restaurants. Great foodie experience. Very reasonably priced. 
Just a small hole-in-the-wall slice of Manhattan ~ located in the bustling heart of the Hell’s Kitchen district in Midtown west. Despite the multicolored lightbulbs (but then again, it was daytime) below a sign proclaiming “Pure” and “Thai Cook house” in smaller letters, we actually walked right on by before the wonderful, wafting aromas brought us back to the door. When in doubt, follow your nose: always works with Asian cuisines (for me, at least ~ even though my sinuses are perpetually clogged so I sometimes don’t even smell the dog fa*ting….. pardon my French!) And having found this place: it’s nothing great ~ with the exception of the food. Ah, yes.. the food. The really great food..! Authentic home-style noodles and very native cooking, par excellence. And friendly greetings in Thai as you enter ~ how authentic can you get???A really tiny entrance and a narrow seating space precede the open bar/kitchen counter to the left, and then a slightly wider inner area. The actual kitchen is in the back… this one can’t possibly be generating all that delicious stuff. (they should just do away with it and add some more seating as the place reputedly needs to cut the wait time. The décor is blah: functional, chalkboard menus hanging above the counters and more on the walls; a row of mirrors on the long, tiled wall ~ reflecting customers, the opposite wall with a long seating counter (for one-sided conversations?) and more chalkboards with menus and foodie suggestions. And a basic, functional little washroom before the kitchen, carved out with corrugated metal roofing sheets for walls…. which probably all add up to the ‘B’ grade from the NYC Health Department. Hopefully, that will improve, someday!! But they have good ratings from Zagat (quote: “taste the essence of Thailand”) and many great customer reviews.Lunch with the wife…. and with no prior reservations. None was necessary at the time, but check before you go in the evening. They get very packed and the wait times can be looooooong…. according to some. Can’t remember all that we ate except that the food was very good; being lunch, it was a light meal. Did have some of the waiter’s (and chalkboard) suggestions: papaya salad, Ratchaburi noodles, pad see ew, washed down with some cool, crisp Singha beer. All cooked just great, with clean and well defined flavors in many shades of fire, tamarind, fish sauce and lime. A word of caution: don’t order “spicy” as that can blow you away. Came away full and satiated, which says a lot. And good value for money, too. Listed amongst “NYC’s best for Cheap Dates”, which must be quite a distinction!! Well worth the visit… absolutely, and must be back sometime (if we ever run out of NEW-er places to try…)
Our dinner at this fine little place in Hell's Kitchen was perfect. The wait to get in is long but you can leave your cell number and go for a drink. Still, the place is tiny so be forewarned. "Worth the wait" is not one of my favourite phrases but it's true here. The smells are captivating so taking a chair along the wall while your table clears is a good idea. The service is quick. There is also an obviously booming take-out trade. We made our meal entirely from the snack menu. Roasted back ribs were perfectly sweet/salty, calamari and shrimp herb salad was just right, fried chicken wings were crispy-good and the steamed dumplings were as good as any street food I have had in Bangkok (and I've had a lot of it!). Items arrived very quickly so after a hungry wait, there's no disappointment. The price is very modest. The beer is too. You can't go wrong here.
This restaurant was recommended by a local and I'm so glad we tried it. Quite small so we had to wait but it was worth it. Authentic clean fresh flavours and pleasant waitress. Would happily go back.
Clean, cozy spot in hells kitchen with FRESH, tasty thai. Plates are appealing to the eye and generous. Our server was friendly and efficient as was everyone else that worked there. Can't beat their prices. Great find!
Busy, loud, and crowded with hungry people. Seated at a small aisle table towards the back facing the kitchen, I was able to see delicious looking food as it came steaming promptly out of the kitchen. Our two starters, crispy tofu with crushed peanut sauce, and steamed buns withbeefbrisket, were savory and sweet and wonderful. The noodles with crab and pork had a clear thin vinegar sweet sauce when mixed with cilantro and noodles was a revelation. I wished I could try more but I will need to return another day.
Love this place. Hole in the wall clean. Great pad thai shrimp. Inexpensive. I think this is the best thai food in the city
We ate at this cozy Thai restaurant on our first evening in New York after seeing The Rockettes at Radio City Hall. No reservations possible after 6pm but we only waited 15 minutes for a table. Several local diners who were also waiting to be seated advised us that the place was fantastic and we wouldn’t regret our choice of restaurant. They were right! Freshly prepared food that hit the spot. Attentive service too. We returned again later in our holiday and enjoyed another value-for-money, tasty meal.
What a hidden gem!!! Smallest hole in the wall and OMG, what great service and food quality. Don’t expect a fancy, snobby, high society experience..... just great food & a local go-to.
Had seen this place on TripAdvisor but didn't think we'd get chance to go. Decided to give it a go before our evening flight back as we wanted an early dinner. We went about 3.45pm and got a table straight away. Like a lot of places in New York it is small so you're near the people on the table next to us. The couple who were on the table lived locally and said they'd want to come for ages but they usually have a queue out the door. Guess if you want to go and don't want to wait mid afternoon is the best time. My boyfriend and I have thai food quite a bit and he said it was the best thai he had ever had. We had the beef fried rice and a chicken dish with jasmine rice and 2 beers. Bill was about $50. Service was excellent, would recommend if you get chance. 
Popped in here on the off chance and I was so glad we did. Having visited Thailand on a couple of occasions I know what Thai food is supposed to taste like and this restaurant was spot on. It gets very busy but when you show up they have an app that allows you to wait in a local bar until they have space for you. We visited here twice and would’ve eaten here every day given the chance it’s that good.
The day my husband and I visited Pure, we had already walked over 17 miles in NYC and was in desperate need to refuel ourselves for the trek back to the hotel...Well...what a surprise this tiny little restaurant was! We are quite foodie people and my husband claimed that the Thai Pad Noodles were the best he’d ever eaten. Even now he still reminisces about those noodles.Service was quick but we didn’t feel rushed especially being English people dining in America. In our culture of dining out the table is ours for as long as we want it and we certainly don’t give the bill to the customer until they’ve asked for it...I liked it here for that reason too. We were not rushed even though there are limited tables. The restaurant was so busy with locals that I was surprised we managed to get a table. Food was fresh, tasty and presented lovely. My husband had a bottled Thai beer. I had wine. The bill was very reasonable.Intimate & quirky is how I describe this restaurant and would definitely go back for a second time! 
My son searched this restaurant during our stay in NY , it was good & delicious ! The chicken wing is a must try dish, fried rice and the dry noodles is nice too. 
This was a really good meal. The restaurant is like a local "joint" in that there is not reservations, limited seating and not much atmosphere. But the food was really good - and that is why you go. The only watch-out is that for some reason the restaurant has a B health code rating...
I was looking for great Thai food on a cold rainy night and a local recommended Pure Thai Cookhouse. The place is quite small and in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood. I was completely blown away by the food! The ingredients are authentic and absolutely delicious. I loved it so much I saved the left overs and brought them back to Boston for my husband to try.
We visited this place at around 8pm on Thursday night. After a 45 minutes wait (where we visited a local pub) we were seated. The food was amazing and we are not easily pleased with thai food. We had papaya salad and chicken wings to start with then a noodle and stir-fry dish, all of which I couldn't find a single complaint with. It was spicy, perfectly seasoned and fresh. I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this place to everyone! Price was very reasonable also.
The food was good and the atmosphere fun. It is a really small restaurant with a long wait, but really worth it. A lot of locals with takeout, so you know it's a steady place.
My husband and I dropped into this restaurant on our first evening in NYC. We were tired so chose to eat early, about 6pm. Thank goodness we did as what started off as a 20 minute wait had increased to 1 hour by the time we sat down. People just kept flooding in.We were sat next to a local couple and they couldn’t believe we didn’t live in the city as not many tourists know of the restaurant - a hidden gem!The food was awesome and we had service to match. We will definitely return!
This was recommended by a local friend and he was spot on! Tasty food, friendly service and funky flair. Only con is that it is small. Really small.
This is a very popular place. We came at around 7 pm and they where completely filled. People were sitting outside waiting. We were told there was a 30-45 min wait on tables. We waited, the staff was really sweet and attentive. There were lots of locals and Thais who visited which I see as a quality mark. When we got a table we ordered right away and had our food in under 15 mins! We were out again in 40, but it didn't feel rushed. Very delicious and fresh food, good sizes and we paid 40 buck in all. So if you want to eat here at a certain time, reservations are to be made prior to coming! 
This restaurant is elevates Thai food and we have been to Thailand and it’s already better than the best Thai places in Toronto. The Krabi noodle soup was so good! You can ask for mild. I am still thinking of the dish. The place gets busy at 530 on weekends: make reservations if possible!
This restaurant is delicious and was a good surprise. We found it while looking for another restaurant that was closed and we had a great experience. Amazing thai food, good service. We will be back!
Last time was at this venue was 2014, still great food, fantastic flavors, friendly staff. Not a very fancy place but the food makes up for the comfortable place. Give it a go, you won’t regret it.
Lovely staff. The place the quite small so we were told the wait would be 15 mins (Monday night 6:30 pm) but we only waited 5 max. The food.. simply incredible!! Specifically the pad see ew with beef was out of this world and I know I’ll be thinking about for years!
It is one of the best Thai Restaurants worldwide. Excellent service with pleasant and smiling staff. Glad to be there at least once. Looking for the next time
Excellente cuisine Thai, très bon service et cadre très agréable. Les prix sont raisonnables.Je recommande
We went there twice, 4 days apart. Friendly staff, very good prices. The flavors are in the plate and the different dishes are nicely presented with many fresh vegetables. Do not hesitate, you will come back!
Locale piccolo, carico e molto accogliente come anche tutto il personale.Cibo molto buono ma attenzione al livello di piccante che a mio parere è un il loro è un po troppo alto.
The restaurant has a small door so we almost missed it. The experience is nice since you go in, with Thai music and a nice ambiance. Service was fast and food was very good. Great place to eat.
Easily on of the best Thai meals I’ve ever had outside of Thailand. Everything was flavoursome and well presented. Service too was exceptional, and we were treated very well and did not feel rushed to eat out meal like so many other places in NYC. Thank you pure Thai Cookhouse for a wonderful evening.
Petite cantine sur la 9 ème avenue sans grand intérêt, plutôt inconfortable et au service expéditif sans grande qualité, voire un peu grossier. Les prix sont élevés pour un établissement aussi rudimentaire et pour les plats servis qui n'ont absolument rien d'exceptionnel. Bière hors de prix, environ 10 dollar en incluant la taxe et le tip.Je ne recommande pas particulièrement cet établissement qui me parait très largement surévalué.60USD pour deux Pad Thaï et une bière dans une gargote inconfortable et au service rudimentaire c'est simplement scandaleux.
We heard this is a great restaurant and so happened it was just less than 5min walk away from my hotel.We went there first time without booking and of course we couldn't get any seats. We tried the next time at earlier time I.e. 6-ish and we got a bar counter seating which is fair enough. We ordered mixed platter, fried rice noodle, fried rice and Thai milk tea. Everything turned out to be very delicious. Just the spring roll and the soya sauce a bit sweet. Services ar good, waiters are friendly. Happy to revisit again
Been here 6 times now. Excellent thai food. Good service. Moderate pricing. Trick is to go early of not on the weekend. Very popular.
Entered the restaurant and my son was pushed against the wall which had 2 nails sticking out. That did hurt his back Other than that food was fine. Service was good too. The dishes are fairly priced as well.
Simple, sympa et super bon.Un endroit qui ne paie pas mine mais une ambiance très sympa avec un service pro et très agréable. Une carte riche et des plats excellents.
We went to this Hell's Kitchen highly regarded Thai restaurant and were not disappointed. My wife had the special of the day. I had the fish special of the day. The food was fresh, perfectly spiced, tasty, and yummy. Service was friendly and helpful. Ambiance was funky, fun, and interesting. 
This cozy little place boasts some really great eats! We found it during our last trip to NYC when trying to satisfy a craving for Thai food. Everything is fresh, full of flavor & the service is fast & friendly! Reasonable prices too. We will be back the next time we're in the city!
Absolutely the best Thai food on the south part of the island! Always hot and fresh spiced right. Noi is the kitchen uses only the best materiaz
Lunch in Hell's Kitchen, Midtown West summons Thai. This business was on my Yelp bookmark list since forever as I am finally making progress. Living in New York City gives access to various cultures and ethnic cuisines without travelling the world. As a foodie and a Yelper I am always seeking good food and good experiences at quality businesses despite travel restraints. I am enamored in the full immersion of culture and ethnic foods. Food is the international unspoken language that bridge the divide for people from all lands, cultures, languages, religions, economic, educational, and character differences because as humans we live to eat. I believe food comforts the soul and heals the heart. Keep writing!For Thai cuisine my default entree choice is Pad Kee Moa (aka Drunken noodles) as it is my ultimate favorite. This business is immensely popular and received high praise resulting hustling extremely busy and heavily crowded for peak lunch hour at 1:22 pm. I was able to attain a seat at the counter ledge (not a table). For the lunch crowd get here early about fifteen minutes after opening. This business is cafe size as it is small and I do not suggest large groups of four and greater. The staff is friendly, attentive and accommodating with patrons' requests. Chopsticks are available in addition to forks. A female Asian neighbor patron who sat next to me leaned over to my plate two disruptive annoying times spurring inquiries for the illusion of a hard sell food critic / writer. "What's that? What's this? What's in that drink? What kind of noodles is that?" Thai iced tea contains cold milk which neutralize and ease the pain of spicy food to wash a burning mouth. Not water. Thai cuisine is generally spicy but the heat index level varies and Pure Thai Cookhouse offers: mild, medium and spicy. I have yet to see someone break into a sweat on one's face from spicy foods. Woman, stop rudely disrupting my meal and ask the waiter as I am not a professional food critic/ writer! Let me enjoy my meal in peace, please woman!! A male wait staff firmly stated "there is only one Thai iced tea and it contains cold milk" to set her straight which is obvious this female Asian neighbor patron have NOT been exposed to various ethnic foods/ cultures. Background music is boisterously loud and is inaudible with patrons' loud chatter. This business is not ideal for dates as it is not conducive for conversation. This business is located on 9th Avenue where rival neighboring Thai businesses are also located and the annual 9th Avenue International Food Festival occurs. Business cards and takeout menus are available for grabs. I suggest to dine-in as the food is fresh and immediate for consumption rather than wait twenty minutes travel arrival time to one's destination it becomes less exciting. Price is very reasonable and will not break one's budget.Pad Kee Moa with shrimp $14Flat dry rice noodles, tomato, baby bok choy, snow pea, chili puree, Thai basil (aka Drunken noodles)Flavorful to the tee and I substituted chicken with shrimp, and the snow pea were fresh. This entree ate my fill as it was solid and upholds substance. Portion was good as there were no shortage for vegetables or flat rice noodles. Substitutions are available with pork, chicken $13; beef, shrimp, calamari, mixed vegetable, tofu $14. Yum! I always choose mild for the spicy index heat. This entree is served in a bowl not a plate. I can understand why / how the origins of high praise from previous Yelpers. Pure Thai Cookhouse concocts substantial quality food.Thai iced tea $4.50Average but it was refreshing. Thai iced tea is my only saving grace from spicy food.
We lived in Seattle for 30 years so are spoiled when it comes to Asian food. We keep trying to find excellent food on our US travels but are almost always disappointed. No so at Pure Thai. We ate lunch and kept remarking amongst ourselves that this is a good as we have ever had in this country. Dont pass up on this gem. Food is fresh, sophisticatingly spiced and just outright bursting with multiple levels of flavor.
Wow, what great food and staff. Came here at 3 on a Thursday and tables were still filled. The place is tight, but that kind of gives it charm. The food is fantastic. I had the basil chicken entree and dumpling app. Everything was very flavorful and tasted fresh. I was scraping up every last piece of rice on my plate it tasted that good. They only serve beer and I think wine. Pair your meal with a Chang beer, you won’t regret. Overall, I’d recommend this place to anyone and will def come back here again. 
This tiny wooden cafe with specials written on board has some delicious Thai stir fry and noodle dishes. I very affordable mid-town option for some really good food. Not at all your standard American Thai. Fresh, multi-layered flavors. All is straightforward fare but very comforting and fulfilling.
There really isn't much to say about this place. The food is bloody delicious. We got the dumplings, jungle curry, and basil chicken. All super fresh and incredibly tasty. The drink selection is also good, the wife still raves about the coconut juice. The service is rushed but friendly. We didn't even have to wait for a table. Finally, first-timers should ignore the bench full of people by the door: they're waiting for takeaway!
An associate joined me for dinner here tonight (in town for a conference). I told her the food was amazingly fresh and authentic, but warned there could be a wait and the dinning area is very tight yet fun/casual. She said ‘you were right’ on all points. Worth the wait. Met a nice couple from Australia sitting next to us. Striking up conversations with those near you is common (I come if possible when I’m in the city). The restaurant does have a check in system so you can leave while you wait for a table and they will text you a status tool and will text you when your table is ready. They give you 5 mins to get to the restaurant to be seated. Super service!! 
We had the spring rolls which were light and fresh. Jungle curry, chicken thai basil rice and pad thai. All were very good and our order was complete within minutes. We had to order to go because the room was full and an hour wait. Expected for such a tiny restaurant, but expected in NYC and for the beat authentic food, the hole in the wall restaurants are usually the best. Would highly recommend.
Received a recommendation from a friend to stop hy if we were able to while in NYC.... And OMG were we pleased. Food was excellent, authentic, quick and tasty. Service was impeccable. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
We lived in Thailand for a few years so we can confirm that the food at this restaurant is authentic and delicious. Loved the crab fried rice and Thai milk tea! 
Vero pad thai come in Thailandia! Le porzioni sono davvero abbondanti e i sapori autentici. I prezzi sono economici rispetto alla media, lo consiglio. Personale disponibile e gentile.
Restaurant sympathique et personnel accueillant. (Pas beaucoup de place un peu d’attente)Très abordable niveau tarif. Je recommande.
Excellent déjeuner pat thaï crevettes cuisson parfaite des nouilles de riz et wok de poulet et légumes très parfumé , service rapide et professionnel, à recommander
Well priced and tasty. I started with the green papaya salad - medium spice - it was zippy. For my main course - I asked for their specialty - egg noodles with pork, crab and vegetables. The noodles were very tasty and I enjoyed the pork. The greens were bitter - a nice contrast. My bill with tax and tip was just over $40 for a lot of food. Not the best ever - but good.
Der Aufenthalt im Restaurant hätte besser nicht sein können. Ich fühlte mich sofort an meine Zeit in Thailand zurückversetzt. Es gab eine tolle Auswahl an Gerichten. Sowohl das Nudelgericht, als auch das Curry waren hervorragend und vor allem frisch zubereitet und große Portionen. Es ging alles sehr schnell und das Restaurant war komplett ausgebucht, was auch immer ein gutes Zeichen ist. Dieses Restaurant ist definitiv einen Besuch wert! (als Tipp: Für einen Besuch nach 18 Uhr würde ich reservieren, da man ansonsten schon mit einer längeren Wartezeit rechnen muss)
I never had Thai food before this place and I am not disappointed. I got calamari pad Thai and it was so so good. If I lived in the city I would definitely come back here again.
I am Asian and Thai food here is truly authentic. Don’t go to other Thai restaurant, choose this one, it’s perfect if you are craving for Thai food.
Came here for a late lunch!Extremely friendly service Food was amazing , we enjoyed every delicious bite!True , authentic Thai food!
Sehr gutes Thai essen, hatten 3x das Pad Thai und einmal chicken wings zusammen mit Feinden, auch die Vorspeise Frühlingsrollen waren sehr gut und frisch.
The food was excellent. Highly recommend the appetizer dumplings. Melted in my mouth. It’s tight seating but quite nice and comfortable.
Today we were to Pure (it was our second time there), the first time was good. But now, we ordered a start, and we ate it, and than, we ordered a padthai, it wasn’t good, we didn’t eat, we asked the bill, they they brought, and didn’t ask about the food, and about the reason we didn’t ate it. With out flavor, salt. With much oyster sauce. It’s not good. And the worse, lack of consideration for the customer), unfortunately.
Delicious dinner before a Broadway Show! Great staff and lovely, quaint restaurant. Do NOT miss the Pad Kee Moa! I had it with tofu and it was magnificent! The rest of my crew had the Pad Thai (of course) and Pad See Ew; both with chicken. Maybe the best Thai food I've ever had? Make a reservation!!!
Excellent authentic Thai food. Pad Kee Mao beef was amazing. Great atmosphere, Thai music , comfortable ambiance. Will be back!
Great Thai food in Hell’s Kitchen. The spring rolls, Pad Thai and the chicken with peppers were fantastic. Great and friendly service.We really enjoyed our meal and can’t wait to go back.
Let me start with this: this is the best Pad Thai I've ever had. Ever. Anywhere. We walked in when we realized you really need a reservation. We saw two empty seats at the food bar (where you could sit and watch some of the cooks work their magic). We sat side by side and it was wonderful watching them do their thing. It was amazing watching how much love they put into their work.The spring rolls: amazing. The sauce for the spring rolls: so delicious. The chicken basil: Amazing. The pad thai: The best I've ever had.And the service was spot on - always checking to see how we're doing. We'd come back to this place in a second.
My wife is Thai and teaches Thai cooking. If she’s impressed, I can tell you the food here is great. Very attentive service too in a cozy little restaurant.
So this is not your high end restaurant and the prices look higher than the decor but the food is a masterful of spices and flavours. I had the best Tom yum goong I think I’ve ever had. The spicy basil stir fry was exceptional too. So as long as you are ok with the decor! This is one of my favourite food places in nyc.
Went last night with an out-of-town friend who I met in Thailand years ago. We've both been to Thailand numerous times. And we both loved our meal. Som Tam (papaya salad) was tasty with a few chili peppers for that slight kick. Pork noodles soup was beautifully flavored, and had both tender roast pork and crispy pork rinds.Beef in a turmeric curry was hot, but not unbearable, quite delicious.Topped it off with sticky rice and pumpkin custard for a sweet/slightly salty finish.Great meal.
A few days of my trip were without reservations - sometimes I don't know where I'll end up in the city and didn't want to have a completely regimented schedule centered around my stomach. So it happened that I was in the neighborhood of Pure Thai Cookhouse, which had been on my list to try, and I was able to pop in for lunch.The place was very narrow, with few tables indoors, but the "bar" along one wall was available and so I was seated there. My first choice was the green papaya salad. It was listed as a Snack, but as it was all for me it was a good-sized starter. The salad was loaded and very refreshing. My main was the ratchaburi crab & pork dry noodles at medium heat. A server had dropped off a caddy of spices, peppers, and oils so one could tailor a dish to one's taste. The bowl contained enough of each ingredient so that each spoon/forkful contained a balance of flavor. I think though that the "medium" heat might have been tempered by the chef, so I did use the caddy to make my eyes water a bit.Service was friendly and prompt. There was no hustle but I was done in a little over an hour.I hope I'll be able to enjoy another meal there again.
Excellent spring rolls and Pad Thai. We also enjoyed their pork and green bean curry stir-fry, tho we should have ordered medium spicy. All went well with Singh Ha beers. Their pumpkin custard and coconut sticky rice dessert was tasty. Service was friendly and efficient. We recommend.
This small Thai restaurants on the 9th Avenue is one of the best restaurant in the area. Authentic delicious Thai food, love the papaya salad and the shrimp Pad Thai. This place doesn’t do reservations and you usually have to wait about 30 minutes to get seated, but it’s definitely worth the time waiting. Less busy at noon, recommended for quick lunch.
Delicious Thai, that tasted much more authentic and unusual than most Thai restaurants, will definitely go back, a real experience 
We spent 5 weeks in Thailand back in 1996. This brings back all of the great tastes of Thailand! We enjoyed the meal and had great service. Highly recommend!
This is a real NYC experience. The place is in a great neighborhood and not fancy. The food is out of this world good. Service is good (Servers have limited English in a good way). Sake out of cans!. It isn’t expensive and it is a destination restaurant. Go here! You won’t be disappointed
Comida espectacular, la ensalada de papaya súper recomendada, en general todo 5 estrellas. Lo más cerca que he estado de Tailandia, una visita que no se puede dejar pasar!!!
very good Thai street food, stopped if for lunch and had the pot stickers and the beef pad sew eh very good. I recommend this place for lunch if its not to busy
The dry crab noodles are one of my favorite noodles to eat. Everyone I know that has tried it...loves it.I might get hate for this but even when I was in Thailand (maybe I didn't know the right places to go) but this was still better:/
One Thai food and service in NYC, My favorite is the noodle soup. Got to try and know how good it food.
Entre tanto restaurante de la novena avenida puede pasar desapercibido. El local es pequeño y sencillo pero destaca por una comida excelente y el trato cercano y muy acogedor. Destacó por encima de todo los Pad Thai. Los mejores que he probado nunca. Sin lugar a dudas un imprescindible en NY.
While being in New York, you have an ultimate opportunity to check out cuisines around the entire world. For one of our dinners, we picked Thai. Thanks to the positive reviews, my wife and I picked Pure Thai. When we came there, we needed to wait in long queue. However waiting was worth it. We have already saw other guest's plates, feel the tasty food. Waiting was not annoying, it was the opposite. However after maybe a 10min, we received a table. We ordered Wok Curry Paste With Pork and Fried Rice With Lump Crab Meat. We received a bottle of water even that we didn't order it - so cool. The food arrived after 15 min. My feeling that it will be good, didn't cheat me. It was delicate, full of flavor and so so tasty! I can really recommend this place. There are many Thai restaurants in NYC, I was in few of them, but Pure Thai is really a pure tasty cuisine. If I only be again in NYC, for sure I will come back.
I was in the mood for some authentic Thai. this is a nice little quaint place in Hells kitchen neighborhood. I had wok with curry plus steamed rice. I went with menu recommendation of calamari. great flavor and perfect size dish for one. staff very friendly. a busy little place and they do a lit of takeout.
We stopped in for a quick lunch in the middle of a day of sightseeing - and it turned out to be one of the highlights of the whole day. Both the dishes we ordered were incredible, so tasty and generously portioned too. Great value for money. The only criticism is that the music playing was atrocious - but i suspect that's because they're very busy and want your table back! Would definitely visit again.
Went here last night for pre show food, it was authentic, the staff were so attentive and friendly and the food was AMAZING. After travelling a lot through Thailand, this is definitely the best Thai food I’ve had outside of it. Thanks guys! 
Went there for dinner after reading fabulous reviews on tripadvisor and we were not disappointed! The buns were great, the phad thai excellent, and we had another noodle plate they recommended which was stellar. Thoroughly recommend it! 
Excellent ! Un petit restaurant très agréable où la cuisine thaï est succulente ! Les serveurs sont aimables , le service est niquel . Les prix sont tout à fait corrects ! 
Locale piccolino, tavoli molto ravvicinati..ma cibo delizioso e servizio veloce! Mi ha fatto sentire per un attimo in Thailandia..davvero consigliato! Prezzi in linea con la città.
This cozy little place boasts some really great eats! We found it during our last trip to NYC when trying to satisfy a craving for Thai food. Everything is fresh, full of flavor & the service is fast & friendly! Reasonable prices too. We will be back the next time we're in the city!
Nice to see a restaurant that earns its reviews! Great meal, service and fun atmosphere. Tiny restaurant- but they expanded so there is another space next to the main space, which was great. 
C'est un excellent endroit pour manger de plus les prix sont abordable...On y reviendra volontiersA refaire 
Absolutely the best Thai food on the south part of the island! Always hot and fresh spiced right. Noi is the kitchen uses only the best materiaz
Run do not walk to Pure Thai. I love thai food and found this gem via a Google search while in NYC on a work trip. I ordered one of the most popular dishes which is the Ratchaburi Crab & Pork Dry Noodles along with a side of duck soup. Everything was flavorful and spicy was indeed spicy! I have a feeling that you can't go wrong with anything you choose on this menu.
Very tight quarters but worth the squeeze! Visit off peak for a late lunch or an early dinner. Green papaya salad is one of the best! Try one of the noodle bowls to follow your salad. This is be a “will return” restaurant.
I liked the food. The buns were great, as was my shrimp and noodles dish. Waiting for a table is an ordeal, the annoying music is loud, and the service is just ok. So many great Thai restaurants in this neighborhood, I would not spend the time or energy to ensure a table in this restaurant
Serious taste in this 40 seat thai resturant. Cannot go wrong. Fun vibrant atmosphere for a small place too! 
Muy rica la comida. El lugar es pequeño y acogedor, desde afuera no da impresión de nada, pero adentro es otra cosa. El servicio es rápido y amigable. 
Petit restaurant très sympathique ! Un peu d’attente aux heures de rush mais cela vaut le coup de patienter un peu ! Un vrai régal !
A tiny place like most restaurants in NY, with very efficient staff cooking a very good display of Thai regional foods. Unusual som tam, delicious noodles : we were really happy to have a bit of our home country in snowy NY.
We came here and ordered 2 meals and a couple of sides and they were all fantastic. Very tasty meals, would recommend anyone to visit!
Be slim and small to be shoehorned into this charming but tight narrow space with plastic stools at small square tables or at a counter where you must sit side-saddle to eat. It’s not a place to linger for a chat unless you make friends with the people at the next table. The noodle soup combos are excellent; just choose the one with ingredients you like. The stir fries that come with rice are also excellent, somewhat simple but with a strong sauce. There is a wide range of cocktails and wines, but the cramped conditions were not conducive to lounging over a martini. Service was excellent, attentive and efficient. 
This was a special birthday meal . we really enjoyed everything here the food is to die for woo its just so flavorsome . wish i lived near by .staff excellent and happy
Everything was great. The place is very well decorated, noodles, wings, everything was perfect. Hope to come back !!!!
We went back to this tiny whole in the wall restaurant. They made us wait 45 minutes and did not seat us. It’s a tiny claustrophobic place and they couldn’t seat us but had no problem seating several couples that appeared to come in after us. While we waited we observed the ‘noodle dish’ cooks scratching their bodies and faces and then touching the raw food and dishes, GROSS! We left and likely will not return again. 
There was no waiting to get a table. Service was good. Some plates were so hot that it was impossible to eat them. Make sure to say that you want to have a non spicy plate even if you like it spicy... I had the papaya salad with the crab, but no ustensiles were provided to eat the crab properly, so it stayed in my plate. My expectations were higher. Still not a bad choice. 
We had lunch here recently and it is our favourite lunch spot. We love Thailand and Thai food and you will not be disappointed. The food is always delicious with big portions and reasonably priced. Service always good too.
Locale piccolino con pochi coperti. Si deve attendere sempre un po' prima di potersi sedere. Da provare il pat thai, piatto abbondante ma molto buono. Personale cordiale e disponibile. Quattro stelle perché Non mi ha dato l'idea di essere un posto pulitissimo.
Bester Thai in New York Sehr klein und wenn Mann Spät essen will sollte man Wartezeit einplanen.Es lohnt sich aber da alles sehr frisch und lecker zubereitet ist.Es war auch reichlich und wir haben etwas Suppe mit ins Hotel genommen.Sehr netter und schneller Service ! Wir kommen gerne wieder!
こちらで見て評価が高かったので、2019年大晦日の日の夕食でお邪魔しました。店員さんはみんな優しく、おすすめも教えてくれて、スペアリブと太いビーフンがとても美味しかったです。日本で食べるタイ料理と大差なく、美味しいシンハービールも飲めて満足しました！
We've been craving for Asian food and it was difficult to find one. I was wandering around the city and ended up stopping at a random newspaper stall and asked the owner for Thai food recommendation. This Thai restaurant looks unassuming from outside since it's not fancy at all. But the food were excellent! The price is also strangely cheap for NYC standard and the service couldn't be quicker than this.This is the type of restaurant that you want to go in the ocean of Italian and modern restaurants in NYC. Do your self a favour, come to this restaurant, try the curry, dumplings, and fried rice. The best one was their Krabi seafood soup. Trust me, you will remember this place with a fond memory until you die!
We stumbled in before going to see a show and we found a gem. Food was delicious and really authentic - we had the calamari stir fry and a special green curry of the night but substituted tofu instead of the beef advertised which was no problems for them, and wow seriously yum!! Add to this quick attentive service perfect for pre show dinner and this place is on to a winner. Keep it up!
Came to Abao for lunch with family and it could not have been lovelier. Service was excellent and food delicious. We all ordered different entrees and shared (6 people). We enjoyed the taste and flavors of each dish. We will definitely revisit on our next visit to NYC.
Delicious and Fast service. Food smelled delicious. We sat at a community table for the 3 in my party to avoid waiting. It wasn’t bad at all. I ordered steamed vegetable dumplings appetizer and shrimp pad Thai. Both were delicious. Would come again for sure. Only beer and wine served
Slipped away from the crowds on a recommendation from friend. This place is tiny so we had a 30 minute wait, but their system allowed us to walk around and keep updated on our place in line. Once seated, we got to see reason for wait. Service team was attentive and friendly. We had drinks within minutes of sitting down. We ordered 3 dishes and were advised to choose mild spice. 2 of us did, but I chose medium and asked for spice tray. All dishes were excellent and all plates were completely empty when removed :). Spice levels were great. 
Complex flavors and cheery servers. Seating is tight, but the food is worth it. Best place we’ve been in the city this trip. 
Wow, what great food and staff. Came here at 3 on a Thursday and tables were still filled. The place is tight, but that kind of gives it charm. The food is fantastic. I had the basil chicken entree and dumpling app. Everything was very flavorful and tasted fresh. I was scraping up every last piece of rice on my plate it tasted that good. They only serve beer and I think wine. Pair your meal with a Chang beer, you won’t regret. Overall, I’d recommend this place to anyone and will def come back here again. 
The low health rating posted might scare you but the food is excellent. Service was very attentive and water was filled regularly. The special appetizer with ground chicken, ginger and Chili peppers was amazing. The ground chicken curry dish with rice was excellent. The pad see ew with shrimp was perfectly prepared and the best dish of our party. If you want delicious Thai food in New York, dine here. 
Located 51st/9th, this Thai is really a gem in Hell’s Kitchen. Already when entering, you have a feeling of Thailand. All staff and a lot of guests are Thai which really speaks for the place. Had the Papaya Salad and currystyle main dish. Asked staff to get it very spicy as I‘m addicted to spicy food. But be cautious, you’re really getting it super hot as in Thailand. The food was really very authentic, absolutely delicious. Waiting time has to be expected, but you’ll usually get a table within 15-30min. Will for sure come again!!
Tried a new entree recommended by the staff. In the beginning, I didn’t like the Tom Yum sour taste with the sweet Shrimp, but then surprisedly I got addicted to it towards the end of consuming the dish. 
Increíble la ensalada de papaya con cangrejo y los noodles de la casa. Atención espectacular, el único lugar que se merecieron la propina! Abrir en Madrid uno por favor 😋
Found this place on TA and the reviews were accurate well worth a trip. You can’t book so walk in’s only, there was four of us and we arrived at 7:45pm the little restaurant was full the lovely host greeted us and said it would be 30 mins for a table we said could we go next door to the Irish bar for a drink and come back the server agreed and stated if the table was free earlier she would come and let us know. True to her word after 20 mins she popped into the bar to let us know the table was free - now that’s good customer service. It was definitely worth the wait all four of us had delicious food authentic Thai at its best. We will be back we loved it that much this place deserves to do well.The guy in the bar asked us where we where eating and when we said next door he stated it was the best off all the restaurants in the area this one is always full. On leaving people where sat on the benches in the entrance waiting for a table. It’s a no brainer as the saying goes!
Excellent authentic Thai eatery! Food is awesome so expect a wait when you get there! The food is authentically Thai and can be as hot as you’d like! Service was very fast and friendly!
Mi è piaciuto molto questo locale, piccolo e intimo. Il cibo era buono, il servizio è stato veloce. Non sono accettate prenotazioni, ma noi abbiamo aspettato pochissimo per il tavolo.I prezzi sono un po' più alti di quel che mi aspettassi; a onor del vero, anche le porzioni erano più abbondanti dei soliti thai: non sono riuscita a finire il pad-thai!
Uno de los mejores Thai que he probado. Personal muy atento, local acogedor y la comida muy muy rica. El local es pequeño, recomiendo reservar. Precio medio.
Small restaurant that doesn’t accept reservations but moves along very quickly. The service was warm and friendly. The menu isn’t expansive, but offers a wide array of choices. Every dish we had was full of flavor and spice. 
This place has some amazing food. Friendly staff, they are very helpful to those who are new to eating thai food. It is a very small place tho. Not plus size friendly lol. I'm a big girl and it took some adjusting. But it was so worth it. We had pork ribs which had some spice to it, beef buns, pad see ew with beef and fried rice with lump crab meat. I would definitely recommend this place. We will be back. They dont take reservations so there is always a wait.
Una vera esperienza newyorkese nella vivacissima Hell's kitchen !!!Il ristorante è piccolissimo e non accetta prenotazioni, ma se vi presentate vi faranno sedere in una mezz'ora (noi nel frattempo abbiamo preso una birra nel pub a fianco guardando una partita NFL).È tutto buonissimo, cibo freschissimo, qualcosa è per veri esperti ma non vi lasciate intimidire ! Servizio allegro e gentile nonostante la rapidità !!!
Nous nous sommes fait livrer à notre hôtel ces petits plats merveilleux ! Très satisfaite de notre commande, la cuisine n'est pas grasse du tout, les plats son parfumer, pleins de saveurs. Adresse que je vais réutiliser avant la fin de mon séjour ! Merci encore ! 😍
Visited here for an evening meal. Cosy and buzzy. Very good food and would recommend if in the city. 
TINY restaurant but good food. Pad Thai and ribs were both great. Barely room to move though. We even had to sit with others. nexperience 
I went in expecting the best Thai food of my life, man was I disappointed. I give this place 2 out of 5 because it fell short of expectations on the pad thai. Reddit said this was the best Thai in Hell’s Kitchen so I obliged. I had the pad thai and it was just bland and had a bit of an off odour. I was actually going to give this place a 1 but my dining partner had the beef pad see ewe and it was a solid 11/10. Amazing, truly incredible. I’d go again only to get the pad see ew. The noodles and the beef were perfect. Everything about it was perfect.Still, you gotta bring it with every dish, so this place gets a 2.
La comida simplemente buenísima, muy sabrosa, en un ambiente pequeño con atención rápida y muy amable. Muy buen precio y cantidad de comida.
Lunch in Hell's Kitchen, Midtown West summons Thai. This business was on my Yelp bookmark list since forever as I am finally making progress. Living in New York City gives access to various cultures and ethnic cuisines without travelling the world. As a foodie and a Yelper I am always seeking good food and good experiences at quality businesses despite travel restraints. I am enamored in the full immersion of culture and ethnic foods. Food is the international unspoken language that bridge the divide for people from all lands, cultures, languages, religions, economic, educational, and character differences because as humans we live to eat. I believe food comforts the soul and heals the heart. Keep writing!For Thai cuisine my default entree choice is Pad Kee Moa (aka Drunken noodles) as it is my ultimate favorite. This business is immensely popular and received high praise resulting hustling extremely busy and heavily crowded for peak lunch hour at 1:22 pm. I was able to attain a seat at the counter ledge (not a table). For the lunch crowd get here early about fifteen minutes after opening. This business is cafe size as it is small and I do not suggest large groups of four and greater. The staff is friendly, attentive and accommodating with patrons' requests. Chopsticks are available in addition to forks. A female Asian neighbor patron who sat next to me leaned over to my plate two disruptive annoying times spurring inquiries for the illusion of a hard sell food critic / writer. "What's that? What's this? What's in that drink? What kind of noodles is that?" Thai iced tea contains cold milk which neutralize and ease the pain of spicy food to wash a burning mouth. Not water. Thai cuisine is generally spicy but the heat index level varies and Pure Thai Cookhouse offers: mild, medium and spicy. I have yet to see someone break into a sweat on one's face from spicy foods. Woman, stop rudely disrupting my meal and ask the waiter as I am not a professional food critic/ writer! Let me enjoy my meal in peace, please woman!! A male wait staff firmly stated "there is only one Thai iced tea and it contains cold milk" to set her straight which is obvious this female Asian neighbor patron have NOT been exposed to various ethnic foods/ cultures. Background music is boisterously loud and is inaudible with patrons' loud chatter. This business is not ideal for dates as it is not conducive for conversation. This business is located on 9th Avenue where rival neighboring Thai businesses are also located and the annual 9th Avenue International Food Festival occurs. Business cards and takeout menus are available for grabs. I suggest to dine-in as the food is fresh and immediate for consumption rather than wait twenty minutes travel arrival time to one's destination it becomes less exciting. Price is very reasonable and will not break one's budget.Pad Kee Moa with shrimp $14Flat dry rice noodles, tomato, baby bok choy, snow pea, chili puree, Thai basil (aka Drunken noodles)Flavorful to the tee and I substituted chicken with shrimp, and the snow pea were fresh. This entree ate my fill as it was solid and upholds substance. Portion was good as there were no shortage for vegetables or flat rice noodles. Substitutions are available with pork, chicken $13; beef, shrimp, calamari, mixed vegetable, tofu $14. Yum! I always choose mild for the spicy index heat. This entree is served in a bowl not a plate. I can understand why / how the origins of high praise from previous Yelpers. Pure Thai Cookhouse concocts substantial quality food.Thai iced tea $4.50Average but it was refreshing. Thai iced tea is my only saving grace from spicy food.
Siamo stati in questo locale a cena perché eravamo in zona. Consiglio di prenotare, perché abbiamo dovuto aspettare 30’ per trovare posto.Il locale è piccolo, ma ha una bella atmosfera. Musica thailandese in sottofondo, ma si riesce bene a parlare.Il personale è molto gentile, sempre sorridente e con servizio veloce.Il cibo è buonissimo: porzioni abbondanti e piatti cucinati molto bene (il pad thai ai gamberi era super!).Prezzi buoni considerata la zona in cui si trova il ristorante.
Small (maybe 26 max capacity), very friendly, super fast, family owned, and of course the food is top notch. Love Tripwise for helping us find places like this gem that we’d never have known about otherwise (in fact, even though we were looking for it, it was hard to find, squeezed in a small wedge of a building). 
Comme là-bas ! Nourriture incroyable, bon service ! Super produits, plats généreux.Ne prend pas de réservation, attente possible à l'entrée ou dehors.
Every time I’m in the city, I find my way to Hell’s Kitchen for this gym. Truly authentic no frills Thai street food in a cramped, genuine feeling whole in the wall. Best spicy beef salad ever. Amazing noodle bowls. Delicious and efficient. Best in the city 
We ended up here because of the reviews and boy did it not disappoint! My wife and I both think it is some of the best food in the whole city. The flavor is excellent and the menu choices awesome. Only four dollar and 50 Cent beers! It is a must try!
Small busy place west of Times Square with Thai food that is a whole level above anything else I've had in this price range. Dumplings and Sukothai pork noodle soup amazing. Just know that you need to plan a wait - there is very little space inside but you can put your name on the list, leave your number and go for a drink elsewhere.
Best food i had in NYC. Friendly staff (all Thai), amazing food, really cheap.....excellent. Read about it in Rough Guide - they aren't always right but this is a gem. Whole family loved it. They were quite happy to remove things that kids didn't like from dishes. Quite small though so expect to queue especially at busy times.
We saw this restaurant in Zagat guide 2014 as one of the best Thai restaurants in NYC (scoring 26 out of 30) with very moderate prices. We came in for dinner, no reservation - very professional and fast waitress told us that we'll get a table within 15-20 mins so we decided to wait. We waited 10 mins and were seated got our food in 5 mins, so the whole dinner experience lasted around 40 mins which can seem a bit rushed if you want to savour the experience. On the other hand - if you have realistic expectations and focus on the food you'll love it.We took what waitress recommended and it was perfect (stir fried pork and crab noodles, and duck noodles in a soup with noodles). Literally food was heaven in our mouth, 'nough said. Oh yeah, ask for the pork crackling if you never tried it - it's good with noodles and it's like chips made out of bacon, fun fun.When the check arrived we were pleasantly surprised - for New York it was very affordable.All in all highly recommended place with AMAZING food, just don't expect intimate atmosphere and all night dining experience.
I swear this is the best soup in the city. Great broths, great noodles. Small place and very cramped but excellant food. Here is what I've had:Grilled spicy beef salad - good, not great. Vegetable spring rolls - same. Nothing special but there were a lot fo them. Green papaya salad - this is just great, refreshing, crispy. Wok cashew nuts with chicken - this could have been more flavorful but my mom liked it. Pad Kee Moa- excellant drunken noodles, i could eat this whole thing. Soups- I've had the beef noodle soup, duck soup, and the ratchaburi soup. Always get the soup with the handmade egg noodles delish. My favorite is the beef noodle. It has the best flavor.
My girlfriend and I fancied a thai meal and came across this little Diamond. The whole experience was superb. We sat across from the chef and could her cooking our meal from scratch which was brilliant and refreshing to see. The food was of a high quality and the value for what you get is 10/10, you can't fault it. I can't wait to go again. 
Having read the reviews, I was expecting great things of this place. On arrival I thought I’d made a mistake because it was so small. However, that was the only potential downside because it really did live up to the reviews. Service was excellent: very friendly and attentive and made us smile - yes we did wait 45 mins for a table but we were able to order wine while we waited and interacted with the staff who were all so nice. When space finally came up, we ended up sitting at a “bar” table in front of the grill, which could have been uncomfortable but it really really wasn’t. We had plenty of space, even a jacket hook and were right under the AC unit so were very cool and comfortable. Although small, this restaurant manages to be cosy and comfortable and feels very inviting. The food was out of this world! We started with Chicken Curry Puffs (delicious!) and Steamed Beef Buns - order these buns, best thing we ate in NYC!!! Then had a special Shrimp, asparagus, chilli and pineapple dish with jasmine rice and egg omelette. Oh my - the flavours were outstanding! My favourite type of cooking. And also had Duck Noodle soup which had a five spiced broth - wow, the flavours in that were cracking! All in all I would highly recommend Pure Thai Cookhouse - service, food, ambience were all spot on. 
When it came to picking a Thai restaurant, I could not be happier that we picked Pure Thai Cookhouse. It was so cute and we were pretty lucky that we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a seat. I would have waited longer for the great food we received. The restaurant has an A rating and they deserve it. Not only was the food excellent, so was the service. I wish I would have been in the area for more than a day. I could work my way around that menu. My friend and I shared fried rice with chicken and Ratchaburi with crab, pork and handmade egg noodles. We did not get anything spicy but the food we got was EXCELLENT!!! I would recommend this wonderful little gem who wants really great Thai food. Thanks for the great experience. Makes me want to come back to New York just to eat there again.
In a neighborhood crowded with Thai restaurants Pure is a standout. From the ambiance to the food it is a level above the typical Thai options. Note that when they say spicy, they mean it!
Specifically went to Pure Thai because of the TripAdvisor reviews. We escaped the rain and were fortunate to be seated straight away. Good was reasonably priced and absolutely delicious. Lovely little find, great atmosphere, value for me and delicious food. Highly recommend. 
So thankful that Trip Advisor led us to Pure! We had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated but took that as a good sign! The food was perfection! The Thai iced tea was the best I’ve ever tasted! Spring rolls were delish and chicken Pad Thai was ahhhhmazing!! If you love Thai don’t miss Pure!!! 
We visited Pure because of the great reviews. The wait was long, but there are plenty of bars on 9th Av to cool your heels and have a drink to build up your appetite.The menu was interesting, though relatively limited in scope. I ordered crab fried rice, which I never do, and it was very good with delicious lumps of crab throughout. My date ordered squid and vegetables in garlic ginger sauce. The sauce was amazing, the squid a little chewy, but still pretty good. And they have Chang beer!This is a table-turning restaurant so don’t expect to linger!
Un bonheur pour les papilles! Nourriture saine, très bien cuisinée et goûtée. L attente vaut le détour , ne passez pas votre chemin 
Muy buena comida! Variedad de precios, la atención de las mozas muy buena (despejando nuestras dudas y dando recomendaciones). Tomando agua gastamos 40U$D con propina incluída (cena).El lugar es chico, pero siempre está lleno. La atención es muy buena y la comida exquisita, de hecho, nos pareció tan bueno el lugar que volvimos con amigos! Súper recomendable y en una linda zona.
If you want to taste the best Thai food ever go down to Immokolee Road and eat at Emo- OnsFood is great Portions are huge Service is superb Prices are right Try the Tom Yum or the Shrimp Hot Pot or the Basil or Ginger Stir Fry Or all of them!!!
Great but not amazing. I expected a little better from here. Coming off a sensational Thai food experience in Seattle, I was a little disappointed. The spring rolls did not appear to be home made, were small and for $9 I would’ve expected better. The Pad Thai was authentic although the shrimp hadn’t been cleaned properly and there was still some crunch in the flesh. The bill was $40 for just a pad Thai, spring rolls and glass of wine, so I really expected better quality for the price. 
Locale piccolo ma molto carino. Se non avete prenotato, non preoccupatevi, la cameriera vi dirà a che ora potete ritornare e ottenere il vostro tavolo.Il servizio è super veloce ed efficiente, questo gli permette di avere un grande ricambio di clientela e di garantirvi la puntualità nel caso vi dicano di tornare più tardi.I tavoli sono un po' piccoli, ma il cibo è veramente ottimo.Non mi sembra che sia il locale dove fare serata: appena finite di cenare, vi porteranno immediatamente il conto perché possiate andarvi a godere qualche localino su Hell's kitchen (e liberare il tavolo).
This little eatery is a great place to visit if you want authentic Thai food. The people are nice and friendly. The food is good. The beef noodles soup, amazing! The shrimp with rice is Yummilicious! I also ordered their Satay and Chicken curry Puffs. Both were delicious but I enjoyed the curry puffs more. The Satay appetiser, which is fragrantly-marinated chicken pieces, skewered & grilled to perfection, is pricey for 4 small skewer sticks of chicken. They were good, though. Satay was served with a peanut sauce and pickles. The Pad Thai we felt was a little too sweet for our taste but when we added lime juice and their chilli sauces, it tasted much better. This is place that you can add to your list of dining options in NYC...you won’t be disappointed. They have a rather big menu. Suggestion...call ahead cos it’s a small eatery.
Found this place as a highlight of the Hell’s Kitchen. My wife and I went here for a lunch. The armosphere in the place won me over immediately, I loved it! The food was really good. Definitely something to check out when tou’re in Hell’s Kitchen!
Walking away from midtown skyscrapers this tiny restaurant will move you straight to Thailand art de vivre. Smiling hosts, well organized and most important : delicious food !
Nice atmosphere, good service and food, just be aware that the menu is focused on noodles and stir fry, you won't get a Thai curry or soup here.
3 adults found this fantastic Thai restaurant just around the corner from 9th avenue and what a lovely change of pace. The restaurant is small but extremely busy, mainly because of the service and the quality of food. It was so nice to get away from the hectic streets of NYC and would definitely go there again if we ever get back to New York City.
Always perfect Thai. We always enjoy a good meal here. Service GREAT. TASTES ARE AMAZING. PLEASE give them a chance. ALWAYs busy!!!
Locale molto carino e intimo in una zona centrale.Tavoli un piccoli ma Il servizio è veloce e il cibo ottimo.Lo consiglio.
It’s a small casual restaurant, great service, interesting menu. And maybe the best pad thai ever. Also terrific curry appetizer, soft shell crab salad (amazing), duck with soup noodles and much more. Even the pumpkin/stcky coconut rice dessert excelled. I’ll be back for sure.
Went for lunch and very busy, vibrant and food was delicious. A must visit day or night and you will not be disappointed.
Fomos até o local por indicação de um blog. O lugar é pequeno, mas o atendimento é ágil e rapidamente conseguimos uma mesa. Todos os pratos estavam deliciosos e bem servidos, correspondendo ao nível de ardência pedido. O vinho também tem um preço excelente pra NY (garrafa na faixa dos 30 dólares). Valeu muito a visita. 
We went here for lunch. Very little place and very busy but it’s worth it. The food is absolutely fantastic and so are the drinks. Staff were very fast and very lovely. If we go back to New York I would definitely go back to this quirky little place.
Accueil ambiance cuisine au top dans ce tout petit resto.Des plats copieux et plein de saveurs, des nouilles maison incroyable et un service très souriant, une vraie belle adresse.Très fréquenté, passez réserver votre table pour éviter les attentes trop longues.
Lejos el mejor hummus que he comido en mi vida, muy muy rico! 100% recomendable. Nos sentamos afuera con mi pareja y el ambiente es muy cómodo y lindo. 
We ate here before a Broadway show and the food was excellent and the service swift with the serving staff helpful and pleasant. My only complaint was the music - loud and frantic - almost as if they want you to eat in a hurry (possibly they do). So excellent food, decent service and music that destroyed any form of atmosphere. If if had not been for the noise I would have given it 5 stars as the food is better than most places we have visited. 
Bien aiguillé par TripAdvisor, nous avons voulu nous rendre compte par nous-mêmes. Nous n'avons pas été déçus ! Les plats qui nous ont été servies étaient succulents et très fins. Nous nous sommes régalés et du coup nous y sommes retournés deux autres fois !
I took a friend there last night for dinner and it was as good as the first visit (almost a year ago)! I have eaten a fair amount of Thai food in my life and this is certainly one of the best. I am equally impressed with the service, I walked in with a smile and got about five in return; they are doing something right. The food is prepared to order, (almost in front of you as you enter the door) but I haven’t experienced any unusual delays. There is a reason this place is highly-regarded, I recommend it. 
Amazing food and friendly service. The restaurant is only small and is very busy. There was an hours wait when we arrive but we put our names down went away for a drink and came back so worth doing that. The prices are so reasonable for New York with lots of options on the menu. This is the place to go if you want Thai food in New York. They also do take out which is aBonus! 
This restaurant is difficult to get into because it is so popular and they don't take reservations, but if you like excellent and innovative, homemade quality, Thai Food, just go and leave your name and they will contact you when a table is available. The seating process is extremely efficient and facile. You will not be disappointed after your wait because the food is really wonderful. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in selecting your dishes if you are not familiar with the cuisine. This is my favorite Thai restaurant in NYC when I am visiting amongst the other 12+ Thai food restaurants that I have eaten at. You will surely want to return!
Muito bom, clientes variados, sem frescura, low profile atendimento simpático, comida saborosa, veio à mesa em bom tempo, preço correto, gostamos e recomendamos.
Una delle prime sere a Nyc, e scopriamo questo ristorante carino. Entriamo senza prenotare, locale affollato perchè piccolo, ma comunque degno di nota. Attendiamo una ventina di minuti, dopodichè ci accomodiamo al bancone e ordiniamo un piatto con i calamari, e l 'altro di manzo, entrambi molto saporiti e gustosi. Paghiamo 55$ comprensivi di mancia e torniamo in albergo soddisfatti e pieni. Consigliamo sicuramente!
Indeed, good quality Thai food: dishes do not taste the same, original tastes and good quality produce. Service was quite good, "collective style", that is your waiter may not be the only one serving you. My only grievance is over-abundance of sauces / toppings. Some dishes are drenched with sauces, so you may want to order a side of toppings. Quite casual and you almost feel rushed so may not be a suitable place for a business meeting or a romantic outing.Reasonably priced.
Locale lungo e stretto, gestito da thsilandedi, personale molto gentile e disponibile e piatti veramente buoni e tipici thailandesi. Bella anche la musica thailandese di sottofondo. Assolutamente consigliato per chi ama questo tipo di cucina.Prezzi in linea con gli altri locali
Having looked on TripAdvisor we decided to try this restaurant on our last night in New York as my husband wanted chicken satay. Great little restaurant serving real authentic Thai food. We were not disappointed and would recommend this restaurant 
Ho apprezzato tantissimo questo ristorante. Cibo super, servizio rapido e gentile. Locale piccolo ma accogliente. 
Walked to Pure. The place was a super-skinny storefront. Twelve feet across maybe. There was a huge crowd outside. Probably 30 people. Walked down the block and pulled up TripAdvisor. Reviewed the menu. Called and placed an order for pick up. They said 10 minutes. I said yeah right and took a walk. Came back less than fifteen minutes later. Pushed through the crowd to get inside. Long and narrow with a mini kitchen fry station and two tables up front. Register in middle. Tables deeper in with kitchen all the way in rear. Remember, about twelve feet wide. Food was ready and absolutely delicious. Complex and rich. Beef salad was well balanced. Wok dish was crisp and not oily/greasy. Generally a very healthy vibe with fresh ingredients. Asking for Thai hot does not bring the heat up as expected so don't be shy. Would definitely return. 
I visited the restaurant with my husband expecting to have a great lunch time. This restaurant was recommended on trip advisor with too many good reviews I really wanted to like this place. We ordered an appetizer chicken curry puffs that was good and a Shrimp Pad Thai and a Spicy rice for the main course. The pad Thai was awful, and tasted like dog food, and the rice was not good (too spicy and not balanced licorice taste). I hope that it was just bad luck but I will never try this place again.
This restaurant was recommended by a friend and simply blew us away. A small shoe box, with tiny furniture and lines of people waiting to be seated. Service is courteous and quick. If you're looking for a place where you want to spend an hour or so for dinner, this is not the place for you.The food is simply amazing. The flavors are so well balanced which makes it one of the best dining experiences I ever had in a Thai restaurant.The small noodle kitchen in the front, the fast rotation of customers and the music tie it all together. A unique experience.
I will preface by saying that I eat a LOT of asian food. I mean a lot. And I know good asian food when I taste it.That being said, I would return to Pure in a heartbeat. One of the best meals I've ever had was the pad see ew and I couldn't get enough.The menu boasts that they do not use MSG and I find that hard to believe because of how tasty the dishes were! Definitely worth the wait, don't be put off if you're at a shared table-- it's part of the experience, we made some new friends (:
Excellent Thai food at a little "hole in the wall" in Chelsea. This place is small and does a raging take out service, but we were lucky to get a table at the back just after the lunch rush. We had the steamed dumplings and pork buns to start, which were fresh and very tasty. I had the PadThai which was really good and not an overly large portion, which I appreciated. You can choose your spicyness level, which for me, being the whitest person on the planet, worked fine. This is a gem if you like really good Thai food and there's a reason it's rated so highly. The only thing that bothered me was the "B" rating by the New York Health Department. I didn't notice any issues, but those things raise the odd eyebrow. Regardless, the experience from the service to the quality of the food would be an "A" rating from me.
With Thai pop music playing in the background at just the correct volume, the quaint and cozy wooden hut/cabin-like eatery is run like a well oiled machine. The staff was attentive and efficient. Water is refilled and empty dishes were cleared so quickly there was no wait time. The seafood/food was fresh and light. The shrimp and calamari salad was to die for. The beef salad was top notch as well. The marinade was delicious!!! If you prefer your meals spicy, don't be surprised because that is exactly what you will get. They also have a choice of 3-4 pepper relishes as condiments if you require more spice in your life. For you health conscious foodies, the perfect combination and portions of fresh greens and scrumptious proteins allows you "guilt free" dining. The place is very small so, leave your strollers at home. The dining stools are backless so, ask for highchairs for your little ones.  I cannot wait to go back!!!
Don't think twice - GO! - Quality of service & food exceeded our expectation. Pricing was reasonable and very authentic - Flavor was exceptional. My wife is peanut and shellfish allergic - The staff made recommendations of food and checked with the chief. I had the Calamari Fritti appetizers $18, & Lune D’Aragosta $23 - (Lobster ravioli / shrimp / pink cognac sauc)., Wife had the Vitello Al Marsala 2013 $40 - (All Natural Veal tenderloin breaded in dry mushrooms* (8oz) - Marsala and Red wine reduction - white mushrooms sauce - butter/rosemary roasted potatoes balls)YUM-YUM & - several glasses of wine :-)I saw the bartender serve up the last of a bottle of wine for another table - he took a straw and dipped it in to the wine to trap a small amount with his finger to tested the wine to see if it was still good - This was quality checking!! - I mentioned this to our waiter who brought it to the attention of hostess/owner - he came over and I complemented his staff on the quality checking - he gave us 2 free drinks - Again great place 
We very much enjoyed our dinner here. The staff were excellent, attentive yet not smothering. Good selections on the menu and even a 3 course meal special, for the evening, if you would so desire. Complimentary Gazpacho starts off the evening, to open your pallet - as the Italian gentleman that was always walking around to make sure that everyone was happy, told us. Next wonderful crab stuffed mushrooms. Light and flavorful yet not greasy. Though there are many selections on the menu that are not a pasta based dish, we selected a pasta dish. Each one was flavorful, full of tastes and aromas from a fine Italian restaurant, which this place certainly is, in my book. My dessert was unique - to say the least. Poached Pear in Barolo wine with a Vanilla panna cotta. The pear soaks up the wine which allows it to keep its nature sweet fruitiness and adds a smooth European flavor that accents the vanilla panna cotta.We were pleased all around. All dishes came with art accents on the sides of the plates or serving dishes. Maybe a swirl of mint sauce or a streak of chocolate on the dessert tray, which was actually a piece of slate. I believe that you will be very pleased with your visit and add this place to your list of most enjoyable places while visiting New York City.
We had dinner on a busy Thursday night in December. Our entrees were awesome; fresh grilled fish and with tasty veggies, cooked to perfection. Despite the busy hour our meals were served promptly. Service is excellent. Il Punto is decorated in a festive holiday theme, which only adds to the charming atmosphere.While there’s tons of good restaurants in the Theatre District, Il Punto is the equal to any of them and a good location close to Penn Station.Put it on your list !
This is not your typical Italian restaurant. White table cloth, clean, cozy atmosphere with very attentive service. The food was excellent - my friend and I shared the artichoke appy which was very tasty. My friend had the red snapper with roasted veggies and I had the meat tortellini with several types of roasted mushrooms. The flavors stood out and most importantly, not heavy or greasy. Andrea was our sweet server. He was very patient and helpful with suggestions on the menu. It was all that I expected from a classy restaurant. Cocktails were on the mark, as well. Oh and they also started us off with a small amuse bouche of a little bit of gazpacho. Lovely!
Went here with my wife for lunch and was not disappointed. Was greeted by the manager when we came in and promptly seated. Our waitress quickly followed and talked to us about the menu and some of her favorites. The service was very good and attentive without being overbearing. The restaurant has a modern design but still feels warm and inviting. The food was very good and nicely prepared. We were given a bowl of cold tomato bisque which was just delicious and I ordered the spaghetti cabonara, which I really enjoyed. I have only had it better at my relatives house in Tuscany. My wife had a salad and a veggie side and which was just delicious. We shared our meals and enjoyed a nice glass of wine. And to finish us off, we had a couple of biscotti on the house. Well done and a nice touch Everything was great and very well done. I will definitely come back again as it was just a perfect place.
Picked this highly rated place for a pre-theater meal on a recent Saturday eve. Arrived early with a reservation for 4 and were greeted and seated promptly. Like many NYC eateries, the quarters were cozy but not as bad as some. Decor was clean and sparse with a full length street view. Drink order taken but waited and then had to ask for bread. Fixed price menu for $75 did not interest anyone; instead we each ordered single courses - risotto (veggie), ziti w/eggplant pomodoro, red snapper and chilean sea bass with calamari fritti as an appetizer. Bottle of a Venizian Sauvignon Blanc that worked well with the fish. No complaints on food or wine quality, but the service was a tad inconsistent, probably because there were many others ordering and eating at the same time. The small space also became quite stuffy and I could not wait to get outside to breathe. $200 (no dessert; $50 wine) for four.
We had 7:30 reservations our first night in NYC, but finished our tripping early and called to see if we could get a table at 6:30. We were told to come in, but we might have to have a drink at the bar before a table opens up. We got there at 6:30 and were almost immediately seated in the best table in the house... a window table.My wife had a perfect Bombay martini and I had a Negroni that had me drifting to Venice.I always get the octopus whenever I'm in an Italian restaurant... so I had the Polipo Salad... nicely cooked octopus with potatoes, frissee lettuce with a light dressing. One of the best I've had. My wife had stuffed artichokes (4) with marinara sauce... excellent also.For the main... my wife had some perfectly al dente Fettuccine with sauteed veggies. Very good. I had Tortellini and sauteed mushrooms with truffle oil. It was better than any that I've had in Bologna, Florence, etc. We closed with glasses of Vin Santo and (a very generous) Grappa.The service was superbly attentive. but not intrusive. The decor is pleasant. And although it's right on the sidewalk off of 9th Ave, it was extremely quiet. 
On Saturday, 11-24-12, we were visiting NYC to get together with my sisters. You know, some shopping and eating. While on the far west side in the late afternoon, we spotted Il Punto at 9th avenue and 38th st. A quick look inside the front window revealed a lovely table cloth eatery with a visible bar. Upon reviewing the menu perched upon a small podium outside the restaurant, it was clear that this was not the average Chicken Parmesan and side of pasta restaurant. My sister said let's go in, and so we did. They seated all seven of us at a round table and immediately brought us delicious home baked bread and bread sticks, which were automatically replaced continually without us asking.. We all ordered some delicious drinks from the bar and settled on our choices from the menu, which ranged from fish and veggies in parchment paper, which also brought veggies on the side, to chicken pieces roasted on the bone, to black ink pasta with mussels.We all tasted each others food and swooned over each one. Appetizers were varied and delicious, as were the variety of salads. All the deserts were home made and also very delicious. Most of the staff seemed to have delightful Italian accents. They were very attentive and accommodating, and not intrusive at all, allowing us to dine at leisure. Many entrees were priced between $20-$25. Our bill was about $50 per person including tax and gratuity. We will certainly return!
This place really was an all around amazing dining experience. The service was excellent. From the moment you walk in your are greeted by the manager, Antonio, who took us to our table. I told him that I am a vegetarian, and he explained that they had just updated the menu to indicate what was vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free. The menu was very clearly marked with little symbols and Antonio said he had done it himself that day. It made ordering very easy for someone who has dietary restrictions. They food was lovely, it may have been the best tiramisu I have every eaten. The waiter also did not mind indulging 3 old friends in taking a couple photos. Overall, the food and service were amazing.
Good place to go on a Sunday late afternoon for that pasta course followed by a nicely prepared chicken marsala and a glass of chianti Unfortunately, like a lot of these places, most of the produce, fish, meat is from non sustainable sources. But that's unfortunately endemic in the NYC restaurant scene. Vegetarians can get a good meal here, but vegans beware of hidden ingredients.
We have just returned from a meal in Il Punto. The food was delicious and the service even better- absolutely lovely staff, made us feel very welcome and looked after even on a busy night. It was a great atmosphere in the restaurant. Vegetarian friendly and food was full of flavour. Very large portions too! Don't often leave reviews but this place deserves it- Thank you for a lovely evening!
From the welcoming host, to the fantastic staff, everyone here made us feel so valued as a customer. We walked in off the street with 8 of us and they quickly made space for our family. We had all types of food and even had a few vegetarians. The kitchen made the food in good time and it was all delicious. Thank you to Luis and the staff for making this a memorable dining experience for our family!
I've been coming here for years and it's always a delight. The chef has a creative flair for flavor pairing and there are delicious vegetarian options. The space is perfect for families and groups. The staff is superb. Il Punto is one of the truly authentic Italian restaurants of NYC!
We ate there twiceIt’s not a big restaurant so it’s better to reserve in advanceGood & fresh Italian food with a great and happy gserviceEven the vegetarian s enjoyed the food.
The one thing that really stands out in Il Punto is the service. The wait staff was always aware of you, and made you feel special! The food was great. We were a party of two and had the two-course sampler and one main course. The arugula salad and smoked salmon was fantastic. Excellent!! It was followed by a shrimp pasta dish that was very nice and had complex flavors. I had the vegetarian risotto which was good, but maybe too heavy. Its not the chef's fault, its risotto. Everything was topped with a lava cake dessert which was delicious. Dinner was great!.
From the greeting upon entering the restaurant to retrieving our coats at the end of the evening, everything about Il Punto was excellent. The hostess and manager greeted us warmly, the service staff were friendly and attentive, and the waiter was knowledgeable and prompt. Our meals were superb - a vegetarian fettuccine carbonara (they make it with zucchini instead of prosciutto) and a lobster ravioli. Good bottle of wine.The atmosphere was perfect for a Saturday evening dinner for two. Highly recommended.
We have passed this place everyday but it doesn't stand out. Tonight we entered Italy. Fantastic service with Isabella leading her personnel with a smooth guidance. We had Pollo il Punto and vegetarian lasagne (forgot the name) and it was the best food on our 17 day long stay in the US. Great selection of good Italian wines and REAL espresso. We also had a treat of a Limoncello that tasted like Nona's own recepie. Please visit Il Punto!! 
Fantastic food and atmosphere. Wonderful employees🌞🌞🌞. We tried all their fish dishes and even some vegetarian dishes. Everything was great🌞 gonna come back.
I've been to a good many of the top rated restaurants in NYC and I have to admit that Il Punto could easily hold it's own compared to the best of them. The Italian cuisine is outstanding on it's own but combined with ultra-fresh ingredients, innovative handcrafted cocktails and super-attentive waitress.Il Punto restaurant elevates fine dining to a whole new level. Enhanced desserts presentation to help celebrate birthdays at the table was a great finishing touch. In addition the manager came by the table several times to make sure our dining experience was top notch. Can't wait until my next meal there. Bravo!!Tags: Good Vegetarian Options, Good for a Date, Good for Anniversaries, Outstanding Value, Creative Cuisine, Special Occasion, Fit for Foodies, Good for Birthdays, Handcrafted Cocktails
Excellent Italian place. Casual and quiet ambiance with great Italian food. A lot of options for vegetarians and an excellent wine menu. The servers are amable. 
I dined in Il Pinto on January 7, 2017, on what for me was a very special occasion. Due to bad weather, several of us were very late. The staff was very supportive and polite, and gracious about staying open late. The service could not have been better. Everyone was attentive and friendly. The food was fantastic. The wine list was just right. I will try to dine here on every trip I make to NYC. It is probably my favorite restaurant (and I have been to many). It had vegetarian options.
We followed positive TripAdvisor reviews to this restaurant at 38th Street and 9th Avenue and had an excellent meal in a relaxed environment with charming attention from server Rosie, and manager Charlene in a relaxed, yet warmly elegant environment.The salads were really interesting: insalata di bosco and a special salad with shrimp. Our mains, the pizzoccheri and the ziti al forno were both very flavorful and well prepared. There are a number of vegetarian items on the menu.We split a tiramisu which was worth ordering. They have a number of good wines by the glass at reasonable prices. We appreciated the complimentary amuse bouche (soup) and the biscotti that came with the cappuccino.We will absolutely return when back in New York.
I thoroughly enjoyed EVERY minute and every second here at Il Punto. We were at the Javitz Center for the Travel Show. We had reservations but showed up almost 1-1/2 hours earlier figuring we would have a cocktail. They not only gave us our table and told us to enjoy and to take our time. But welcomed us open armed. Which is pretty rare in NYC. We certainly did enjoy our evening. Told our waiter (who was exceptional by the way) that I would be eating a pasta dish and can he wine pair me with something that would go with pasta. I wish I wrote the name of the merlot he gave me. It was just delicous. Try to buffalo mozzarella with pesto and tomato. So good. The bread and oil was served and everything from the moment we sat down was just delicious, waitstaff was super attentive and they couldn't be more gracious. I had the eggplant and pasta being a vegetarian. I highly recommend. I wish I had room for dessert, but I will be back to sample that as well. Thank you Il Punto for a very relaxing and delicious dinner out with my husband. We will see you again!
Good Italian food, small venue, great service. I have celiac disease and have to eat gluten free. The gluten free pasta was good and did not make me sick, so they did cook it in a separate container. The venue is small, but cozy. It definitely has Covid vibes with the clear partitions still up. Maybe it helps with noise? There is a semi-outdoor covered area if you want to eat by the street. And the bar has some bar stools too. The guests with me had the gnocchi and the ravioli and said it was good. Service was excellent. I never had to ask for anything. That was a real plus.
Loved everything about this place. Perfect location for before a show, atmosphere, food.. all perfect. Loved the lobster ravioli. Clearly made with love and waitstaff we’re knowledgeable. A definite must try and they were great with gluten free options for my wife. 
Good food good service and a good ambience - what more do you need Caters for Gluten Free to - happy days
Nice intimate restaurant, cool 60’s and 70’s music playing, not too loud, you can actually have a conversation (though I dined alone), great Italian food and great service. I am not sure what more you could want? I had the Octopus and roast potato salad to start and gnocchi with lamb ragu for my entree. The gnocchi was very good and the Octopus salad was amazing. Seems to be good for Gluten Free too (menu items marked) which is sometimes difficult in Italian restaurants. 
We ate at il Punto a few times on our recent vacation to NYC. I have celiac disease and so need to be very cautious around gluten contamination when picking restaurants. The staff at il Punto was fantastic about suggesting safe food that was also quite delicious.I look forward to eating at il Punto again on our next trip to NYC.
I ate here before seeing Phantom of the Opera. It was less than a ten minute walk from the theater. It is close enough to Broadway for a pre-theater meal but it is not an overpriced tourist trap, unlike many restaurants in the area. The food was delicious and they have many gluten free options. Everyone who works in the restaurant is extremely friendly. Overall wonderful experience.
We stumbled across Il Punto as we had just arrived from Manchester and we were looking for something quick to eat. The menu is fantastic and the food was incredible. I had the Sea Bass and it was one of the best fish dishes I have ever eaten. My partner needs to eat strictly gluten and dairy free and the looked after her needs very very well. The service was great and the staff were very friendly and accommodating.
This restaurant was recommended to me by someone in Sicily, where I was travelling a few months ago. So I suggested Il Punto as a place for us to meet for dinner. Four of us dined together and all had a happy experience with the food and the service. I had a broccoli rabe with cannellini bean side dish that was delicious. I chose a pasta that is a traditional Sicilian dish, pasta alla Norma and it was as good or better than any I had in Sicily. My friends had other pasta dishes and raved about them.I also appreciated the warmth and flexibility of the staff. Two of us were late for the reservation and I called ahead and they were very accomodating--we did not lose our table. Another aspect of flexibility...I have to eat only gluten free and they had gluten free pasta available! The maitre d, whose name is Antonio was especially nice and he was delighted that I had met his friend in Sicily. We all agreed we will visit Il Punto again!
We had a reservation but we arrived early and we were seated immediately. The restaurant was full by 6:30PM. Approx. 12 tables. It is clean, excellent wait staff and a full bar.We ordered the:Fettucine Nere (in squid black ink) with mussels – very good, highly recommendedPaccheri al Ragu – had the largest pasta I have seenRisotto agli asparagi e capesante (daily special) – risotto was a bit dryWe passed on dessert. There were mainly dairy selections and we were restricted from eating daily. Overall experience – very good.
We recently ate indoors at this restaurant and they were very Covid-compliant and there was great service! The food was delicious. I had the special of the asparagus homemade pasta. I went with a group and everyone’s food looked amazing. We all enjoyed our meal. Restaurant is spacious and clean on a corner. Definitely would recommend this restaurant! 
For one of our company events, we rented out the restaurant starting at 3pm, and then had appetizers served as we held our meeting (and drinks). At the conclusion of the meeting, we moved to dinner. The service staff was excellent, always stopping by and seeing how we're doing. The food was great as well as the presentation of the food. And the restaurant was clean and had a great feel to it. There were two sides to the restaurant, and even though we rented out part of it, the other side was still able to sit about 10-12 tables. It's also at a great "and active" location so you can get a true feeling on NYC as you enjoy your dinner.
I stopped by for take out food and was very pleased with the delicious freshly prepared meal. The restaurant is very clean and the waiters very polite. The atmosphere is warm and comfortable, and the restaurant was full of Italian speakers, so I knew the food would be authentic. Very nice service also, with linen tablecloths.
Nice, reasonably priced Italian restaurant in Hell’s Kitchen with a clean bathroom. Stopped in for a late lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Friendly, attentive service and fresh delicious Italian food. As delicious as the chicken parmigiana was, it was a tad over cooked. Pasta and sausage dish was excellent. Restaurant is close enough to theater district to go for a pre or post show meal.
I had an appointment after a meeting that finished at 8:00 pm and my guest expressed an interest in pasta. I consulted TripAdvisor when I don't have a personal recommendation.This was a very good choice. We were seated quickly when we arrived (which was 15 minutes late due to the previous event running late). The restaurant was clean and bright. our tabke was "ready to go". I ordered the chicken special, which was very good. My colleague was pleased with the lobster ravioli.I was most happy with the dessert; Tiramisu. It was great and topped off the meal well.
There have been a select few restaurants over the years that have made me want to write my first TripAdvisor review and I never have. This restaurant tipped the scale and is worthy of an excellent review. We visited this restaurant Monday night for dinner. It exceeded all expectations. I figured we’d be in for some good Italian, but it was more than excellent. They had a special salad of the night (mixed greens, shrimp, and onion gelato) which was amazingly stunning and creative. The onion gelato had great flavor and was like a dressing for the salad. The shrimp were succulent and seasoned well (Just those shrimp on their own were excellent). It was definitely Michelin star quality, and I’ve dined at many Michelin star restaurants. Out of the past 5 years, that salad alone ranked in my top 10 dishes. They also had a delicious and refreshing amuse bouche that was a cold soup with tomato, olive oil and croutons. Very unique and full of refreshing flavor. There was also bread and olive oil/balsamic. For entrees, each of the 3 of us ordered different pastas. The Il Timballo, the papardelle, and the tortellini with mushrooms. All were excellent. The papardelle, which was a very unique sweet pasta and therefore more adventurous was another amazing dish that was full of delicious flavor combinations. I could also see that being served in a Michelin star restaurant. My tortellini was perfect in that the pasta, mushroom, and sage really shined. I.e it wasn’t drowned in a sauce, but was clean and perfectly balanced. Our entire meal was better than many Michelin star dishes that I've eaten. For dessert we had the panna cotta which was also excellent. For wine we shared a bottle of red which was affordable yet good quality. And at the end of the meal, the limoncello on the house was a nice touch. So the food was clearly amazing, but the service was also just as superior. The waiter, Idar, helped us with our wine selection and was able to provide more information on the wines to help us aide in our decision. He also did something unique when opening the wine that I had never seen before. The GM, Antonio, also took considerable time to explain some of the menu items so that we were confident in our decisions, which was much appreciated! The ambiance and personality of all staff were great - it felt like we were in Italy, eating authentic, yet very high quality, Italian food! Overall I highly, highly recommend and I wouldn’t be surprised if they get a Michelin star in the future.
Restaurant was on the corner near our hotel. Did not look like much on outside, but inside was a surprise. It was clean, tables were set, flowers on table. Waiter, Andrea, was TERRIFIC! Brought us cold soup, delicious, on house. Dinner was one of the best I have gotten from restaurant. After dinner Andrea brought us tiamarsu, on the house. This place is gem. If you like Italian food you really need to try this restaurant.
Lucky find on our way back from the busy crowds on 5th Avenue. It didn’t look open but a young lady saw us outside and welcomed us in.Lovely clean environment and very professional staff.The atmosphere was just right for a late lunch and the meals we chose were perfectly cooked and nicely presented. Just room to share a dessert.The check was exactly what we'd expected and we have no hesitation recommending a visit.
What a great find....a little off the beaten path in the theater district but DEFINATELY worth the short walk! There were 4 of us on a Sunday after a show. The restaurant itself was lovely, cozy and very clean. The waitstaff was very attentive without hanging over us. We started off with a wonderful bottle of red wine and they brought us a cold tomato soup that was very tasty (the soup was on the house which was very nice of them)! We had calamari and a bruschetta with buffalo mozzarella for appetizers which were both very good. My husband and I both had the risotto in a buttery breadcrumb sauce over shrimp, calamari, clams and scallops....OMG out of this world de-licious. My brother in law had ribbon pasta with a béchamel sauce and other goodies mixed in which he just loved and my sister had a pasta dish that she said was also wonderful. For dessert 2 of us had a warm chocolate cake with vanilla gelato that was to die for and a sorbet... topped off with a nice cup of cappuccino!! I loved this restaurant...so did everyone with me! It's definitely worth trying...I think you're going to love it as well! The prices are very reasonable. We will DEFINATELY be back!!!
We enjoyed our dining experience at Il Punto before seeing a show. We had a reservation (made earlier that day) and were seated promptly upon our arrival. Our server was very attentive and courteous, and asked us when we sat down if we had a show or other plans so he could ensure we finished in time. Our water glasses were never empty and my husband's napkin was replaced with a clean one before he even realized he had dropped it into the aisle next to our table. The food was reasonably priced by New York standards and was very good. I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass served over arugula pesto and it was cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious. The presentation was beautiful, and the plate with the restaurant's name on it was a very nice touch. I would definitely go back on my next trip to the Big Apple.
Made a reservation for 8 for dinner last night. Service was great even though the restaurant was packed. All of our food was delicious, portion were a nice size, drinks and wine selection were also great. The cannoli for dessert were phenomenal. Restaurant was very clean, staff was very attentive and friendly. Would definitely come back. 
I visited Punto Ristotante with my family in August of 2016.The restaurant itself was clean and the tables were nicely spaced from each other. The staff were extremely polite, attentive and knowledgeable. The food was very good along with the plating of the food. I also thought the portions were perfect. Overall I had a flawless experience at this restaurant and would recommend it to anyone staying in its proximity in New York City. Alex
The good: outstanding cold tomato soup. The watermelon salad with gorganzola cheese was like nothing I've had before. My wife had the pasta with berries which was completely different and completely good. The bad: my wine glass had food on it...clean it up pls not what you expect from a top 100 restaurant. My red snapper entree was bland and quite honestly tasted like scrod.Not bad all in all but overrated if you ask me.
Service was amazing! We felt under dressed but the manager made us feel at home. The food was absolutely amazing and affordable. They even catered to my 10 year old. All my party was a member of the clean plate club. We will return again.
Great restaurant that we attended due to the positive TripAdvisor reviews. Food was great and the service was friendly and efficient. Would definitely go again if in the area.
My wife and I had a 50th anniversary family celebration in New York and dined at Il Punto based on the recommendations of many TA readers. My recommendation is to believe the TA readers and try this fabulous restaurant.We were a group of 10, including two children,who had traveled from several Mid-Atlantic states. I had contacted the restaurant in advance to confirm several dietary preferences, and Antonio (GM) assured me that they would accommodate us. Our table was ready when we arrived, the service was excellent and the food was superb. Everyone was raving about the appetizers and their menu choices throughout the weekend. Thanks very much to Antonio and his staff for a wonderful start to our celebratory weekend.
A restaurant with real Italian food, an atmosphere just like in Italy, courteous service and a central location, a few minutes' walk from Times Square.Recommended to visit.
Great place for couples or friends. The food and service was excellent. The wine list is very good and they have cocktails as well. Don't leave without trying one of the desserts.
WE LOVED the food and service. This is a semi-formal place to have authentic Italian food in a small place with charming ambience. We walked from the Arlo Midtown hotel, omnm W. 38th Street, and were very pleased with the reccomendation from the hotel staff. If you're staying mid town, do not miss this little gem. Prices were reasonable and the wine selection was fine.
Tout d'abord ne reculez surtout pas devant la devanture du restaurant!!! Ce restaurant typiquement italien est une pépite au coeur de Manhattan pour les amateurs de gastronomie transalpine! Accueil sympathique du patron et service dynamique et attentionné. La salle est un peu bruyante par moment mais pour NYC, _a va!!!excellente cuisine italienne et une belle carte de vins italiens pour accompagner le repas (un délicieux Vino nobile di Montepulciano!) . En entrée, un plateau d'ant pasti misti avec charcuteries et fromages italiens, excellents raviolis au homard (raviolis Il Punto). Seuls les desserts (trop sucrés!), à part le Tiramisu sont un peu décévants. Espresso comme là-bas et très bonne Vecchia Grappa . Une superbe soirée italienne entre amis au coeur de Manhattan.Réservation conseillée par Open table (attention: le restaurant n'est pas ouvert au déjeuner);
Fuimos a este restaurante por proximidad al hotel y la verdad no compagina con los comentarios.La ensalada caprese regular, el carpaccio de res bastante bueno, los calamares frisos muy normalitos, los raviolis de queso salsa langosta muy normal.
Delicious Italian dishes, and no pizza’s but antipasti, primi and secondi. The Tiramisu with pistachio is heaven. Very good, efficient and friendly staff. Highly recommended!
It was a positive surprise for us. Friday evening dinner with familyThe specials were unique and very creative and simple. We tried the pesto tagliatelle and the red pepper sausage rigatoni . The salmon was nice and so were the antipasti: caprese, parmigiana and the shrimp red onion ice cream salad. Totally recommended although was a little pricey
Delicioso , veníamos buscando un buen lugar italiano y supero nuestras expectativas, la atención del mesero Eduardo fue espectacular , muy rápido ya que le comentamos que teníamos prisa y teníamos mucha hambre, fue muy atento a Todo lo que le pedimos .
The food was absolutely amazing and of excellent quality. The staff was very kind and careful. Take it from someone who has been to Italy, Il Punto serve real delicious homemade italian cuisine that is worth your time and money. We definitely recommand and would come back again.
So good! Nice cozy little restaurant with great service and delicious food. They had a lot of nice pasta options on the menu including zucchini noodles. Would definitely return. My husband has the chicken Milanese salad and a lentil soup. Both were delicious. I had the zucchini noodles with sausage and broccoli rabe. So good!!
Lo único italiano era el ambiente y el encargado,el local pequeño,apenas con luz y la comida para nada me sorprendió. El precio a nivel NY, buen servicio pero tampoco para echar flores
Just lovely. Ate here with my daughter, the food was beautiful with excellent service. Nice atmosphere. Not far from Times square.
Wish we had found this place earlier. This small restaurant just round the corner from our hotel. Everything about this place was great the service the food the atmosphere. From the start you could tell they know how to run a good business. The place hummed the whole time we were there. It appeared there was a mixture of locals and visitors. If you get the chance try this place.
Wonderful restaurant just down the road from our hotel in Times Square. Went to this restaurant as I saw it online and met a local who said it was fabulous.They can't do enough for you anticipate your needs but are not overly bearing. The food was delicious, just to my liking. Was the highlight of our trip we then went to see Come From Away, very enjoyable evening.
Il Punto was near our hotel on the west side. They had great service and some different and delicious preparations. The eggplant was done with lots of Parmesan cheese and no mozzarella, an unusual and tasty alternative. The Caprese had great heirloom tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella. There was an unusual fettuccine Barolo with tiny lovely italian sausages again different and very good. 
Busy, noisy restaurant that seems to cater to a local crowd with fewer tourists than most restaurants. Food was excellent, service very good decor not so much. Would crrtainly return. Reservations a must.
We visited this restaurant on one of our last days in New York, looking for a less tourist focussed, "place where the locals eat" style of restaurant. The environment inside is somewhat rustic, and I found the menu a little odd (I couldn't see a single pizza or traditional carbonara option, which I found bizarre) but the food and service exceeded our expectations by a long shot. I had fried calamari to start, a very large portion and superbly done. Beautifully cooked and with a nice set of sauces. My main, which I seem to remember was a pasta dish, had some of the best flavours I've had in an Italian dish. I would return if I visited New York again.
My husband and I discovered this little gem on tripadvisor. The wait staff and all personnel were extremely friendly and helpful. Our dinner was really good. The artichoke appetizer was delicious. The salad with strawberries and candied pecans really outstanding. I got the red snapper which was cooked perfectly, my husband got the veal steak which he enjoyed. Prices were reasonable For NYC. The diners were mostly locals. Would definitely recommend.
A great dining experience that made us feel as if we were in Italy. The food is delicious, and there are many seafood dishes. They have some very local dishes that you wouldn't expect to find on a menu in the US. The service couldn't have been better. Andrea made great recommendations for wine, food and dessert. He's an expert and has great suggestions. Andrea and the rest of the staff couldn't have made us feel more welcome.
As native New Yorkers we try to eat in small local well reviewed restaurants when in town. We ate here about a year ago and enjoyed it and was eager to return when returning home for an event at the Javitts center. Arrived at the restaurant around 4 pm and the restaurant was not at all busy. Service was terrible. Staff hanging out at the bar socializing . Had to keep flagging them down to order etc. ordered the calamari appetizer. It was cold and like something you would buy in a supermarket at a cost of 18 dollars , ridiculous. I had the lasagna dish and it was also cold and over cooked. Seemed like it had just been reheated. Ordered the featured wine off the wine list. Showed it to the waiter in the menu but somehow ended up with a different bottle that cost 20 dollars more. Won’t be back. Can’t understand this restaurants high rating. Other better restaurants in the area.
A very good local Italian restaurant with lots of atmosphere. Go early to avoid the crowds. Neat place to watch the locals that live and work in the area.
I have travelled to New York weekly for the past four months. I stay in nice hotel near our office. I have tried many of the restaurants within a six-block radius of the hotel in the south Times Square area. The restaurants are usually overcrowded and the menus are all very similar. There was a young hotel clerk that I talked to about my frustration at finding a more neighborhood experience. He gave me two excellent suggestions that were just two block away on 9th avenue. They were both good but IL Punto Ristorante was best. It is on the edge where there are less hotels and the area feels much more like a neighborhood. The staff are incredibly welcoming and friendly. I sit at the bar and have dinner. Idar is my bartender/host and always has a smile. He makes the best Pisco Sour. The meals are 'real' Italian, unique and the tastiest in the area. The ambience is very pleasant with the lighting dimmed and white table clothes, well dressed waiters and old country décor. Because it is on the edge of the tourist spots it is not overloaded w tourists. More family and locals. I now consider myself a local and this is my favorite spot.
My husband & I had drinks & dinner at this wonderful restaurant located on 9 th in Hell’s Kitchen, NY. Wow what an experience - we were blown away by the amazing service especially from Idar who was the Barman & server. He went out of his way to make our experience special. So much so my husband wanted a pasta not on the menu & he got the kitchen to make it for him. He made wonderful recommendations too! We were treated to local delicacies by the lovely Sicilian manager who again made himself known to us. The food was great & service first class. Dont be fooled by the classy decor we arrived hot & hungry from a six hour bike ride so we’re still in our exercise gear but they treated us like we were first class guests. We are coming back next week to dine with family & friends. This is a hidden gem! I thoroughly recommend ILPUNTO!
Booked this restaurant as was local to the theatre had good reviews already on trip adviser as well as the typical fussy tourist who don't like everything. We found this restaurant staff very welcoming, as soon as we were seated, table water was presented. The waiter introduced himself and explained the menu.We opted to have a stater and main course and not have a desert, the waiter afterwards brought out its famous tiramisu as a gift, which my partner ate and admitted its the best she had eaten.The meal was very tasty and beautifully presented, they were lots of staff on the floor and behind the bar.The prices were very reasonable for a hells kitchens restaurant and I would definitely recommend this restaurant. 
We ate at this restaurant our very first night in NYC. We wanted to truly experience what local NYC restaurants had to offer while we were in New York. Il Punto did not disappoint. My daughter had the Risotto Di Mare Profumato D’Arancia E Menta (Acquarello rice / clams / mussels / sea scallops / shrimp / calamari / mint / orange). I had squid ink pasta with mussels (Fettucine Nere in Sauteed Di Cozze) and my husband had the Tortellini Ai Porcini. To top off the evening, we shared Chocolate Souffle con Gelato alla Vaniglia. The best dessert we have every had. This meal was AWESOME! We spent the rest of our time in NYC trying other Italian restaurants and none came close. Thank you for an awesome experience and an awesome meal.
This place was suggested to us and we found to be SIMPLY WONDERFUL - the kind of place that you want to return to with someone you know so as to show off a little secret you've learned about the city.The wait staff was very engaging, but not overly so - they were perfectly attentive. They knew to help explain some of the menu items, when appropriate, and helped with appropriate drink suggestions and even discussed other evenings activities, giving some friendly local advice. The food itself nothing short of spectacular! The drinks were magnificent and the setting was cozy and appropriately intimate for the area and venue.
My wife and I made a last second reservation for 8pm and ended up getting the window seat which was a great start. They were packed so they didn't give us a menu right away and when they did the manager came over and apologized which we didn't expect. Showed real attention to detail from the start. Great wine menu with plenty of $65-75 nice bottles. They brought a little taste of tomato soup that was fantastic. Simply emulsified the tomato into the olive oil to produce a wonderful little bite of the garden to start the meal. We ordered a mushroom tortellini, grilled lamb chops and broccoli rabe. The tortellini had that perfect chew of homemade pasta with a filling that simply melted in your mouth. The lamb chops had a nice dose of salt and a hint of citrus that really worked with the lamb highlighting the meat. Even the broccoli rabe was memorable as it was prepped so there were no large woody stems that you typically find. Really outstanding meal across the board!
The fried calamari made an excellent chioce for antipasti - the squid was fresh & batter was tasty. For secondi, the branzino (fish of the day) was impressive as well - fish was fresh and I loved the charred and crispy skin. I was glad that I had some space for dessert, as the tiramisu was exactly the way I liked it - moist with decent amount of coffee flavour. Waiters were friendly, and service was good and quick.
We loved everything about Il Punto! The staff were so attentive and friendly, and we were made to feel welcome from the moment we walked through the door into the restaurant’s cosy surroundings. The service was excellent and the food was delicious and fresh.We were so pleased that we found this place and it was definitely our favourite restaurant that we visited during our stay in New York.
This is my first-time leaving feedback and had such a great time here that I felt I needed to put in some unsolicited feedback for Il Punto. We first visited Il Punto about a year ago during a weekend trip in NY and have fell in love with the restaurant ever since. Every dish is quite simply amazing and has that fresh home made from scratch authentic Italian food taste. The Tiramisu and the Onion Ice Cream Shrimp Salad are to die for, highly recommended. The restaurant has that small and inviting atmosphere and waiting staff are super friendly and attentive. We literally drove all the way from DC to eat here for my daughter’s 14th birthday celebration (she specifically requested to eat dinner at this restaurant for her birthday!). The staff at the restaurant made sure we felt right at home and went out of their way to make the celebration special with a free desert and some appetizer sampling. We ended up giving them a hug when we left at the end of the evening.
The food is really delicious. Great quality and super fresh shrimps. The combination of flavors was a very nice surprise, it was like going to Italy with both traditional feelings plus the wow factor. Antonio, the manager, is very professional and friendly at the same time. 100% an excellent experience!
Loved this place and the food was truet amazing! Freshly made, delicious octopus salad and outstanding lobster ravioli. Service excellent and loved our table by the window. 
My husband and I has a lovely dinner. The restaurant is small but we had a comfortable table. The food was fresh and tasty. I particularly enjoyed a salad special that had blackberries and onion gelato and the salmon was excellent. 
Had a wonderful night here while on vacation in NYC recently . There were four of us and we all enjoyed the night so much. The food was just delicious! The service was great and and really welcoming.We all had a really fun evening and enjoyed it thoroughly. A great find and highly recommended. If you want fresh, quality food and a very pleasant evening - this is the place to eat. Delicious!
Nice Italian restaurant. Had the cod fish, very fresh and the desert was amazing. Kudos for their Cannoli :)
Timely and friendly service staff. Welcoming ambiance and general environment. We were catching a preshow birthday dinner and they brought everything promptly and even put a cute candle in my dessert. Our server Idar was very attentive and met our every need. The pasta and seafood was so fresh... Definitely recommend for a date night.
Early lunch; pasta fagioli serve steaming hot, Caprice salad fresh mozzarella and tomato slices and finally pasta, pasta, pasta. All wonderful lunches. We are not frequent visitors to NYC but will eat here again in the way to the show. Grazie!
While located in a “quirky “ location on 9th Ave, it is definitely worth finding ( midway between Penn Station and Port Authority ) We were greeted warmly by Andrea and had a great side table that allowed for easy conversation They are also very accommodating to larger parties ( of which there were a few)Service was friendly, helpful and professional The menu has something for everyone. While I usually don’t eat bread theirs was fresh and delicious The salmon was prepared perfectly, as were the chicken dishes Especially recommend the chicken on the bone It gets crowded after 7:30 so recommend earlier reservation if possible Street parking ( side streets) is free after 7, and there is a lot near by too.
Great service and food. Authentic Italian dishes. Great veal, fresh pasta, good salads. Decent wine selection, but not great.
To be fair, the food, except for a non-descript caesar salad and my burned fish, was excellent. The side of Papardelle was fresh and beautifully cooked, the Rucola E Pera salad was excellent as was the Paccheri Al Ragu and the Il Timballo. One party ordered the Costolette di Agnello Arrosto and he was very pleased. I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and it was dried out and tasted like charcoal. The food was late in coming out and there was no time to order anything else before we had to leave. So disappointed. Wait staff was excellent and we were not charged for the fish.
Its not the largest menu but what they have they make it good. Prices are quite reasonable in NYC standards. Went for a nice dinned with my wife.
Delicious pasta and very nice and helpful staff, it was not very busy either, which was nice. We would highly recommend this place!
Excellent experience. The bruchetta special appetizer was exquisite. Branzino fish was tender and perfectly prepared. Bolognese also sumptuous with house made pasta. Desserts were amazing. Great wine list. Lovely service. 
It was a little off the beaten path, but worth it. We had the specials and they were delicious!! Would def come back. The service was excellent as well!!
Не для похода с детьми. Мы посмотрели на фото и купились на белые скатерти. Но в реале оказалось не так. Попросили ребёнку просто макароны. Указали в счете по стоимости блюда. 25$ просто за макароны.
Everything was excellentService was perfectI'm eager to return to New York to return to Il Punto ristorante
Pour bien s’alimenter à New York, il faut obligatoirement manger dans ce restaurant. D’autant que c’est les habitants meme qui y mangent. Le gérant est originaire de la Sicile. De mets à savourer
This place is phenomenal. A funky exterior leads you to an inviting, cozy, upscale interior. We were greeted by Antonio who was charming, witty, and knowledgeable. He made recommendations that were spot on. We had the arancini appetizer, the red onion gelato salad, spaghetti a la vongele (clams), and a Bronzino special. We were given a complimentary pistachio tiramisu that was light, fluffy, crunchy, and delicious. Everything was wonderful, and every server was attentive and friendly and professional. We will definitely be back.
Brilliant find in New York. Externally very unassuming, but once inside fantastic little restaurant. Service attentive and quick. Food quality and choice excellent, with additional daily specials.
We popped by earlier in the evening to see if we could get a table at around 7:30. Had a great chat with Antonio and he booked us in. He remembered us when we arrived for dinner and we had another fun conversation. The food was fantastic, not inexpensive but excellent. Everything was going so well we asked about booking again for our last night in NYC. We made a reservation and requested our bill as we were ready to leave. Antonio brought us a surprise dessert (we had previously declined ordering dessert). We thought that was a lovely gesture until it ended up on our bill. We would have talked to him about this directly but he had left by the time we found out. We were so disappointed we cancelled our reservation for our last night. Luckily we found another great place nearby with no surprises on the bill.
Visiting from Canada and visited this restaurant and was very pleased with both the service and the excellent food lovely experience
Was visiting NYC on my birthday and wanted an authentic Italian restaurant dining experience. Traveling with my wife and 7 other friends so I didn't want to risk anything less than a top-notch eatery. Checked TA and searched restaurants in the area we were staying. IL PUNTO showed up at the top of the list. After reading many of the reviews, I decided to give it a try and made a reservation through OpenTable.Was thoroughly impressed from the time I stepped inside. (Don't let the appearance of the exterior cause you any concern.) The place is small but well-managed. Several tables were full (7:00pm) and our reserved table was ready and waiting. The owner/manager greeted us and promptly seated us. From that point on, service was excellent. The menu (authentic Italian) was full of fantastic choices and made it difficult to pick an entrée. On the server's suggestion, I tried the cauliflower soup appetizer. It was exceptional. My main course, ravioli with lobster meat was a good choice, too. Overall, the group enjoyed the meal with numerous complements on the food. If you're in the Manhattan (Hell's Kitchen) area of NYC an want "real" Italian, stop at IL PUNTO for dinner (only open evenings). I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Antonio is AMAZING! The best ever! Will go back 1 million times to have him take care of us. Fabulous amazing wonderful. Food was delish. Service impeccable! Antonio is the person who makes this restaurant what it is! Be sure to ask for him and tell him a trip advisor senior contributor made you ask for him
Vi var skuffet over dette besøket. Maten var brukbar (ikke ) mer. Prisen nesten dobbelt så høy som forventet
We loved everything about Il Punto! The staff were so attentive and friendly, and we were made to feel welcome from the moment we walked through the door into the restaurant’s cosy surroundings. The service was excellent and the food was delicious and fresh.We were so pleased that we found this place and it was definitely our favourite restaurant that we visited during our stay in New York.
Une belle découverte à New-York, accueil et service impeccable avec une ambiance de musique italienne et française en bruit de fond, sans excès. Des plats cuisinés comme la caponata, les pennés et le veau au marsala. Le tiramisu aux pistaches et j’ai fini par un Irish à la perfection.Allez-y les yeux fermés.
It is a small and lovely place, the service is awesome, the waiter explained the special dishes of the day, we highly suggest not to miss this restaurant, it has very good quality on the food and the taste is excellent.
Excelente desde la recepción. Hablan español y su servicio es muy atento. El ambiente cálido y agradable, aunque el espacio es pequeño se siente uno muy cómodo. El menú delicioso. Muy recomendado.
Siamo stati a cena in questo ristorante io e mio marito in viaggio di nozze a new york basandoci sulle recensioni precedenti. Bisogna dire che il gusto non è male trattandosi di un ristorante italiano negli USA ma...appena arrivati con prenotazione regolare alle 21.30 ci è subito stato detto di far presto che la cucina avrebbe chiuso a breve ( allora perche accettare prenotazioni per quell ora?!?!? mah.....), porzioni piuttosto scarse, prezzi alti rispetto alla media, e in più, cosa che ci ha lasciato basiti, è l unico ristorante in 3 settimane in cui la mancia ci è stata obbligatoriamente segnata dal cameriere senza dare a noi libera scelta... non si fa così
Durante il nostro soggiorno a NY ci siamo recati tre sere in questo locale essendo vicinissimo al nostro hotel.Bel locale accogliente con personale gentilissimo ed una cucina davvero buona …io ho trovato superlativo il Timballo di pasta fantastico…se come noi avete nostalgia della cucina di casa nostra andateci !!!
Really interesting place that will not disappoint. I took a large work party here and everyone loved it. The food was great and the service was spectacular. They had several specials and they all sounded amazing. Definitely worth checking out.
Siamo stati 2 volte a cena in agosto e ci siamo trovati benissimo.Atmosfera italiana con ospiti americani ed italiani.Antonio vero punto di riferimento con la sua gentilezza e simpatia.A tavola ottimo pane italiano e olio toscano.Menù interessante e non banale consente di scegliere ottime pietanze sia di carne che pesce oltre alle proposte del giorno.“Il punto” di riferimento per trovarsi a casa a New York
Suamo stati sia a pranzo che a cena in questo eccellente ristorante di cucina mediterranea senza alcun miscuglio americano. Fanno da grande contorno la gentilezza e la competenza di Antonio che accoglie tutti con una presenza attiva e costante.
Splendida accoglienza, cucina mediterranea perfettamente riprodotta, ottima qualità delle materie prime. Complimenti ad Antonio che cia fatto sentire a casa.
Una sorpresa inaspettata. Ottimo cibo in un contesto accogliente e familiare. Il proprietario è sicuramente un professionista della cucina e dell'accoglienza.Da provare e consigliare.
We had a lovely dinner few weeks ago. We had a group of six and everything, from starters to deserts were great. Especially ”Insalata Gelato”, redonion icecream based apetizer was amazing! Also spagetti, risotto and all deserts were excellent! Atmosphere and service were very good, friendly and fun. Thank you so much hole staff and especially A., you are the best!Outside of the restaurant might give you a different feeling than a nice italian restaurant, but don”t let it fool you, inside Il Punto feels like Italy and is indeed a great restaurant in every way!
Estive com minha família e amei o restaurante. Atendimento impecável e comida excelente! Pedimos o salmão, o vitelo ao Marsala e o ravioli, cujo molho foi substituído sem problema. Tiramisu e bolo de chocolate coroaram a noite! Voltarei com certeza!
Heerlijk gegeten en heel aardige bediening. Ik snap heel goed dat ze hoge beoordelingen krijgen. Echte aanrader!
The place is small and super cozy, you fell like you are in small Italian village, the service is top, the best, the attention the sense of humor of the main manager is awesome, We share a Insalata di mare, it was perfect, the scallops and shrimps were super taste, I'm not a salad eater, I had the "Tagliolini neri ai frutti di mare" zero to ten? I give a 11, a squid ink stained pasta with mussels and clams cooked to perfection, my wife had the very wide pasta like a fettucine with this craft green sauce that was also perfect, overall this is a Cecilian cosine that we will be back for sure, any time I visit Manhattan I'll have to visit.
Eccellente ristorante Italiano. Pasta fresca, prodotti di prima qualità, dolci sciliani squisiti. Tradizione ed innovazione in un perfetto connubio.Atmosfera accogliente e personale qualificato. Consigliatissimo 
Abbiamo trovato questo ristorante quasi per caso, cercando cibo ‘sano’ dopo una settimana di sapori americani. Questo ristorante ha davvero il meglio dei ristoranti italiani: sapori, materie prime di primissima qualità e i piatti sono tutti buonissimi e di livello. Non pensavamo di poter mangiare esattamente come in Sicilia in pieno centro a New York. L’accoglienza speciale di Antonio e la professionalità di tutto lo staff fanno la differenza! I dolci sono tutti eccellenti, così come i primi (che sono le cose che abbiamo assaggiato per due sere di seguito) e la bruschetta alla burrata buona come e più che in Italia. Consigliatissimo !!!
Vi spiste middag på Il Punto på turen vår til NYC. Vi brukte Tripadvisor for å finne den beste italienske restauranten i området. Da vi kom til restauranten ble vi møtt av vennlige servitører. Vi valgte å sitte ute, selv om det var et ledig bord inne. Fantastisk å sitte midt på 9th avenue og se på det yrende folkelivet og nyte den gode maten. Særlig iskremsalaten og spagetti vongole var «do die for». Ville spist her ukentlig hvis vi hadde bodd her.
Esperienza bellissima a New York. Avevamo bisogno di una “pausa” dopo tanti giorni di panini e hamburger e allora abbiamo trovato (fortunatamente!!) Il Punto. Atmosfera suggestiva, mise en place curatissima e la calorosissima accoglienza di Antonio a fare la differenza. Proprio Antonio è la punta di diamante del locale: ti fa sentire a casa, sa consigliarti e ti coccola dall’inizio alla fine. Abbiamo mangiato tutti benissimo, un ristorante italiano dalla A alla Z. Menzione d’onore per gli speciali, i dolci (tutti buonissimi), la pasta alla norma e soprattutto per la clamorosa insalata gelato, da provare assolutamente! Insomma, super super super super consigliato!
Sehr feines Essen, von der Vorspeise (Burrata mit gerösteten Tomaten) über den Hauptgang (Teigwaren mit Salbei) und Dessert (Canoli). Alles war perfekt.
Toll, sehr authentisch italienisch, hervorragende Gerichte. Man traut dem Restaurant diese Qualität von aussen nicht zu.
Dopo alcuni giorni di cibo americano, il nostro palato ma più che altro il nostro stomaco, chiedevano pietà!!! Così abbiamo deciso di far cena in un ristorante italiano. Dopo una breve ricerca su internet, abbiamo trovato “IL PUNTO”. Locale molto carino. Mise ne Palace, elegante e perfetta. Personale molto professionale, cordiale e molto attento. Piatti ottimi, con ingredienti di qualità. Praticamente un sospiro di sollievo per le nostre papille gustative. Conto nella norma. Peccato averlo scoperto il giorno prima della nostra partenza!!! Complimenti. Lo consigliamo vivamente a quelle persone che cercano tradizionalità nei piatti. Voto 10. Torneremo a trovarvi al nostro prossimo viaggio a New York.
This is my first-time leaving feedback and had such a great time here that I felt I needed to put in some unsolicited feedback for Il Punto. We first visited Il Punto about a year ago during a weekend trip in NY and have fell in love with the restaurant ever since. Every dish is quite simply amazing and has that fresh home made from scratch authentic Italian food taste. The Tiramisu and the Onion Ice Cream Shrimp Salad are to die for, highly recommended. The restaurant has that small and inviting atmosphere and waiting staff are super friendly and attentive. We literally drove all the way from DC to eat here for my daughter’s 14th birthday celebration (she specifically requested to eat dinner at this restaurant for her birthday!). The staff at the restaurant made sure we felt right at home and went out of their way to make the celebration special with a free desert and some appetizer sampling. We ended up giving them a hug when we left at the end of the evening.
We ate here this evening after the restaurant was recommended to us and having seen the really good reviews. The evening didn’t start great as after giving my name for the reservation the phone rang and the waiter just pointed at our table and then ignored us as he talked on the phone so we went and got ourselves seated. We commented to each other how rude he was and with hindsight I wish we had just left. The menu looked good and things started to pick up and the waiter who took our order was really nice and a lot better than the waiter who ignored us earlier. Myself and my friends then ordered and I had the caramelised onion ice gelato to start which was absolutely amazing. What wasn’t good is that after two of us had finished eating (plates still on the table)they brought all the main dishes straight to the table with no pause and no consideration for the fact that my friends wife was still eating her starter. This really did spoil the evening for us and we just felt we were being rushed and they wanted to get rid of us. Two of the main courses were good the third which was the flattened chicken was dry and overcooked. My friend told the waiter who said “no problem “ which really wasn’t the response we had hoped for. After paying what was a large bill some glasses of lemocillo were brought to the table as an apology but by then the damage had been done. We left the drinks and the restaurant and we were all really disappointed with the service we received. My friends birthday is tomorrow and I had taken him out with his wife for the occasion. I felt aggrieved having to leave a tip and that the night had been ruined and we couldn’t wait to leave. I would recommend the restaurant and I certainly wouldn’t visit again.
Carpaccio tres Bon , spaghetti vongole et spaghetti carbonara tres bonne , service impeccable et professionnel , accueil du patron très sympathique, une belle adresse italienne à recommander
Drinks at the bar were amazing. Appetizer Gelato salad was a unique one of a kind absolute must try. We had the tagliolini Neri ai Frutti di Mare and Pappardelle alla Bolognese which was delicious. Finished off with homemade cannoli Siciliano. Bartender finished our night with a lemon cello nightcap! OMG will definitely be back to visit this little gem.
Every bite of food we had was some of the best Italian we've ever had west of the Atlantic (and it was better than some we had in Italy too!) The staff was incredibly attentive and kind, and the ambiance was lovely. I was particularly impressed with the diversity on the cocktail menu and the pasta menu. Lots of unique things to choose from. Highly highly recommend!
We really enjoyed the real italian (sicilian) food in addition to an excellent service and staff. From outside it does'nt look a great restaurant but as I said all other details are perfect.
Tout simplement délicieux ! Ça a dépassé nos attentes. Nous avions le goût de bons plats italiens et wow quelle découverte ! Nous recommandons fortement !
When I searched top best restaurants near me, this restaurant appeared.We then started walking towards the opposite direction and my daughter reminded me that we should try this Italian place.The only table available was for us and the dinner was amazing.I recommend the chocolate fondant with ice cream.The service was nice and professional.
We had a fabulous family meal , amazing service along with delightfully presented and very well cooked food . A fantastic restaurant , highly recommended !
The outside looks like this place will be rubbish, but it really isn't. Really friendly staff, the maitre d' was really good and made us feel like we were the only people in the restaurant, despite it being full.Plastic screens between the tables was a great touch, almost like we had our own private dining booth (I know they are COVID measures).The food was fantastic!!! A proper Italian restaurant with an authentic Italian menu. Great choice of primo e secondo piatto. No pizza as proper Italian restaurants in Italy don't serve pizza, that's for Pizzerias.I had the speciality gelato seafood salad. Amazing!!!!
The restaurant was very nice and comfortable. Antonio greeted us warmly. I couldn't decide between the risotto with porcini mushrooms and truffle oil and the tagliatelle bolognese so ordered both and shared them. They were equally amazing!!! Can't stop thinking about them and definitely cannot wait to go back again.
Per noi che abbiamo da sempre evitato i ristoranti italiani all'estero, è stata davvero una grande sorpresa. Ambiente accogliente, ottimi piatti preparati con ingredienti di prima qualità e cucinati a regola d'arte, tutto perfetto, dall'antipasto al dessert. Servizio veloce e attento. Il conto nella norma. Complimenti, rimanete sempre così!
My first experience in Sicilian cuisine was frankly very good, all the food was excellent with a particular emphasis on the shrimp salad with red onion ice cream, which in fact is the delicious dressing and the pistacchio tiramisu dessert, which is out of this world !Good atmosphere and helpful hosts make up for an excellent choice for dinner in NYC.
Just a delightful dinner. Great food. Great service. Friendly. Light and tasty. Homemade limencello. Gelato salad highly recommended.
Such a nice restaurant! The service is attentive and warm, the food is divine, and the atmosphere is relaxed. Our server (who may have been the restaurant owner or manager?) explained everything so nicely and made us feel comfortable. The gelato salad was amazing!!!! My husband’s tortellini dish was the best pasta he had ever had in his life. My lobster ravioli was incredible. It was so good I was wanting to sop up the extra sauce with bread, but I was too full. Sad. We got both kinds of tiramisu to go, and well, they were both wonderful! What a special, memorable meal. A treasure!
We had the most amazing dinner and service on Friday night. The gelato salad is one of the tastiest and unique items Yiu can have and the lobster raviolis in vodka sauce was amazing. Antonio the owner was our waiter and he was the best and made the experience wonderful. Highly recommend
Our Italian born-and-bred family really enjoyed this gem. The food was authentic, service was fantastic, ambience was lovely, and prices were fair. We will be back.
A nice find. Good distancing with unobtrusive shields between tables. Very attentive service and a well planned offering. We had a fish which was great and cioppino which was perfect. We’ll be back.
I hadn't been here for about 3 years due to travel restrictions but hoped it would be as good as I remembered and I wasn't disappointed. We had a table of 8 colleagues and clients for a post NRF dinner and every single one of us thoroughly enjoyed the evening. Fabulous waiter who made some great recommendations, seriously good food and some great wines. Highly recommended.
Our waiter for our business dinner was the HM of the restaurant. His passion really showed through when describing the dishes. The appetizers were amazing. Highly recommend the Gelato Salad. Entrees were equally as good. I had the Squid Ink Pasta with clams, mussels, shrimp and calamari. It was outstanding! As for desserts, the pistachio tiramisu was exquisite. Next time you are in the area you’ve got to try this!!!!
Beautiful food Expensive but everywhere is in NYC and this is worth it, best lasagne I’ve ever had. Definitely Recommend.
My boyfriend and I stopped by on a whim and I'm so happy we did. I had the best meal of my life here. Must try foods include the gelato salad, the lobster ravioli and the chocolate lava cake. The restaurant was COVID safe, staff were wearing masks, vaccine passport required and dividers between tables. The manager was so helpful, the best service we had in New York. I wish I could eat there every night!
Lovely reception. The head waitress accommodated us even though we didn’t have a reservation. We were greeted with a warm welcome. Food and service were first class
Walked in without reservations, had no expectations. Really excellent meal with good service, despite being obviously short staffed (like every place else). Only quibble was the espresso had already started to cool off. The pistachio tiramisu and limoncello were top notch!
This restaurant is around the corner from our hotel so we decided to try it. We will eat here every time we come to NYC and if we lived here it would be a monthly visit. The service is great, but the food is even better. The red onion gelato salad is AMAZING I tried to get them to send me a gallon of it.
Llegamos al restaurante por recomendación de Trip Advisor. El lugar increíble, muy acogedor y elegante. El restaurante es pequeño, pero exclusivo. La comida no tiene igual. Pedimos la ensalada que nos recomendó el manager, y estaba suculenta (Ice Cream Salad). Las pastas, el risoto y los postres no tienen igual. De verdad una muy grata experiencia, además que todosl el personal muy amable.
My wife and I had an excellent experience at Il Puno!! We dropped our daughter off at MSG and made the reasonable walk. We arrived a bit early but were seated anyway. The staff is outstanding in all ways, even funny. The meal was very good. Very happy with every aspect of our Il Puno visit
The food was excellent, and obviously prepared with love. It also seems like all the employees really enjoy their work. Our waiters and the manager were all so caring - they seemed to really enjoy giving people a great experience. I was in the hospitality industry, so this means a lot to me when I see it. Again, wonderful food!!! We will come back again and again, I am sure.
Weekend trip to NYC, decided to give this restaurant a try. Great decision on our part. Had a reservation for four. Our table was ready upon our arrival. The staff were pleasant & personable that just added to a great dining experience. The dinner's were even better. From the Lamb Chop special, to the Pear salad, the Eggplant and the Pasta all were done perfectly. Dessert too !!! Each of our party members thoroughly enjoyed their meals and the overall evening at the restaurant. Will make sure we go back next time in NYC.
the food here is incredible, very authentic! dessert was the highlight, our server was spectacular… I felt like I was back in Italy!
OMG. The reviews are spot on. Antonio remembered us as we were seated. My wife and I shared an Ice Cream salad. She had an awesome tortelloni Alfredo while I dined on the Nero pasta with clams, mussels and shrimp. Both were out of this world. We then shared the striped bass special which proved to be the best fish I have ever had. Crispy and delightfully tender all at once. We shared a Pistachio Tiramisu while a choir of angels sang alleluia! If you are anywhere close to Times Sq you would be well advised to dine with Antonio and his sweet, sweet staff. 
Over a decade of memorable meals & having tried almost every dish on the menu, an amuse bouche in the form of an "ice cream salad" appetizer wasmind-blowingly beyond belief! My guest HaeJin mentioned it as we read the menu, and our major domo Antonio described it such that we all started with that dish! Amazing combo of improbables - red onion gelato, grilled shrimp, arugula, shaved parmesan & more - epic!! Followed by the evening's specialties, from the risotto, stuffed chicken & branzini,; a side of pasta with eggplant marinara sauce; then an unbelievable pistachio tiramisu & cour de sicilia (sp?!) cookies, with a complimentary limoncello chaser - we fairly rolled out as we closed the restaurant that night & had to walk to burn off some caloric gain!Il Punto never ceases to amaze, always delivers a memorable, personable dining experience par excellence, and hats off to Antonio & his core staff as they juggle roles and wear many hats in these zany days to bring out the best for everyone. Ten stars!!
Wondered if it would measure up to the reviews. It did.We had a great dinner. Service was spectacular, setting was great and food delicious. Everyone agreed.With one drink per the five, entree, coffee and three deserts, bill was about $410.10% tax and 20% gratuity added.A little pricey but this is NYC and it was worth every penny!Grazie
We had dinner at this nice Sicilian restaurant last night, close to our hotel, with nice reviews, and we were happy we did! The restaurant is very nice, the staff (particularly Antonio) really friendly and helpful, and the food authentic and delicious. Overall a great experience that we’ll definitely replicate soon!
Antonio was fantastic. Our food was delicious, and the staff catered to the tastes of our picky kids. The atmosphere is comfortable and charming. This is not a quiet place. It is alive with friends and families enjoying good, good food. We would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone!
What a great reintroduction to dining out. My friends and I enjoyed a long, leisurely meal. The food was delicious, especially the desserts. Antonio (waiter/chef) entertained us with stories about the menu, the restaurant and his hometown. We didn't feel rushed. All the staff were friendly and welcoming. I can't wait to return to check out the new menu Antonio teased!
Ate here for the first time with a friend on a recent visit. What a find!! The food was the best we have had in NYC in a long time. In addition, the service was fantastic. Unfortunately, I was not feeling well on our visit and only managed a few bites of my meal, but even still it was so good. The waiter, and the owner (manager? Chef?) were very concerned that I did not like my meal. I assured them that was not the case and that we would definitely return. In addition the owner/manager/chef was so welcoming it felt like dining with family! He even brought us a shot of homemade limoncello to finish our meal!! (again, unfortunately I passed, but my friend enjoyed it!). This is what you look for (or at least what we look for) in a good Italian restaurant. I think we've found our new go-to when in the city!! Grazie!!!
After our concert near Hudson Yards, we had a wonderful dinner at Il Punto. The service was exceptional. Upon the recommendation of our waiter, the four of us split two ice cream salads. The red onion gelato mixes into the salad and tastes like a balsamic dressing. So delicious!! And the shrimp in the salad were so tasty! We had the orecchietti, fettuccini special, and the squid pasta frutti di mare. All were delicious! All in all, a wonderful evening. We will definitely be back - a great choice in Hell's Kitchen!
La calidad de los alimentos es excelente. Los camarones estaban deliciosos y muy frescos.La combinación de sabores junta tradición con un toque de novedad y de sorpresa. El gerente Antonio es una persona muy presente y gentil.Absolutamente vamos a volver!!!
The food is really delicious. Great quality and super fresh shrimps. The combination of flavors was a very nice surprise, it was like going to Italy with both traditional feelings plus the wow factor. Antonio, the manager, is very professional and friendly at the same time. 100% an excellent experience!
We choose Il Punto as we were looking for a place close to our hotel to celebrate our 30th anniversary. What a hit! The service was exceptional, and they went above and beyond for us. Antonio's Limoncello and Pistachio Tiramisu were fabulous! The menu has many different options but the list of specials that evening was incredible. We enjoyed our Ice Cream Salad (try it!) and two entrees that were the nightly specials, as well as a couple of cocktails and glasses of wine. It was a perfect night with a delicious Italian dinner and wonderful people serving it! 
Service was EXCELLENT & staff were very invested in our dining experience. The menu offered variety & interesting flavors & the specials were well thought out. We loved our meal, specifically the gnocchi with blue cheese sauce. Ambiance was comfortable & cozy.
Staff was very nice and I felt comfortable eating indoors with the distancing of tables. Food was good. Salmon was beautifully cooked. Would recommend. 
Service was top notch and the food was amazing. Good portions, fair prices, great wine list, and the server and host made wonderful recommendations. It has a homey authentic Italian feel.
Returned here for my third visit and it is still my favorite restaurant in the area.....They are very pandemic compliant.......tables inside well spread out......all wear masks and plenty of sanitizer around.....as usual very friendly and professional staff and prices are very reasonable for NYC........plenty of choice on the menu.....once again a great dining experience....if you need a hotel in area ....walking distance....try the brand new Radisson on 8th ave.....very reasonable..........already looking to return to IL PUNTO and you can make reservations....ENJOY
Excellent food and delicious cocktails with excellent service and reasonable prices for New York City.
Abbiamo scoperto tramite internet questo ristorante. Abbiamo prenotato un tavolo ed è stata un esperienza davvero fantastica... Abbiamo cenato come fossimo in un ristorante in "ITALIA" ma, di quelli dove si mangia bene !! Materie prime di qualità trattate e cucinate alla perfezione un dettaglio non sottovalutabile oltre oceano. Siamo stati accolti in modo gentile e cordiale, ci hanno messo subito a nostro agio e ci hanno offerto un servizio davvero professionale. Abbiamo inoltre avuto il piacere di conoscere Isabella che gestisce il locale con uno stile davvero impeccabile.Promosso a pieni voti, consigliatissimo, una vera "chicca" in mezzo alle tante improvvisazioni di Italianità a New York. Da non perdere !!!  
Η τέλεια επιλογή για ιταλικό στη Νέα Υόρκη ! Πολύ νόστιμο και ωραίο περιβάλλον . Το προτείνω ανεπιφύλακτα! 
Such a neighborhood gem, with a delicious menu of classic Italian food and the nicest staff. I feel so happy and welcome here all the time and thank you for being here!I’m a huge fan of their squid ink pasta with seafood, tiramisu, and cappuccino. Everything on the menu is delicious. You won’t be sorry! Owner is really nice. 
Questo ristorante offre deliziosa cucina italiana, servita da personale molto cordiale, tavoli ben posati, ottimi vini. C'è un saluto dalla cucina, i piatti sono ben presentati e ben assaggiato. Bello, finalmente una sorpresa buona a New York. Grazie per questa bellissima esperienza. È un peccato che abbiamo visitato questo ristorante solo la scorsa notte.
I was here today to celebrate my past 50th birthday and I was really fully satisfied. An excellent kitchen with real Italian plates with a particular menu on the Sicilian Region and Southern Italy kitchen. A very good variety of wines. Staff very efficient and friendly. A special mention and thank to the General Manager Andrea and Alfredo.
Went to Il Punto two nights ago after booking a reservation based on strong reviews. Decided to order two appetizers and two sides to share with my daughter. The waiter (who it turned out was the manager, Andreas,) was confused with our order. We told him we’d like the two appetizers first followed by the sides. A while later the two sides showed up eggplant Parmesan and pasta. A server delivered them to us and we waited to get Andreas' attention to inform him that since that had mixed up the order we didn’t want our salad and artichokes. He was confused and told us that’s how we had asked for the meal. (No sense of customer is always right but whatever). He said he’d redo the order - give us the salad and artichoke and now we are waiting and waiting with the hot food sitting there. They hadn't taken that away. We decide to eat the food because it seems to be taking a long time for our salad and appetizers. And we tellhim to just forget those. He tells us that he’s already ordered them and he’ll comp us for them. They eventually are delivered to the table and we do eat them. He then tells us that’s he’s preparing another eggplant and pasta for us to take home- we advise no need to etc etcWe then ask for the check and are wrongly charged for all 4 items. We call Andreas over and he blames the hostess who was lovely and had witnessed the whole mess. He then says he’ll correct it. He then brings over a newBill and this time only deleted one of the two items he promised to comp. I was tempted to just pay it and just not tip but both his lack of listening skills and his quickness to blame the hostess really bothered me. Now I point out this error and proceeds to blame the hostess again for the wrong bill. He then blames her again at which point I’m more annoyed. It was clearly his mistake. I start engaging him just as our take home order are now handed to us- ridiculous- demonstrating that he didn’t listen again. In the end he ripped up the entire check and felt he accommodated us. That wasn’t what I was looking for but in the end I was pleased that I didn’t have to pay for a miserable experience. Will never go there and hope for the sake of future patrons Andreas is not the manager. He is not a capable restaurant manager.
We went on a very busy Saturday afternoon. The service was still impressive and the food was fantastic. The Gnocchi with blue cheese and walnuts was amazing. The gnocchi melted in your mouth and the whole dish was a flavor explosion. Great food, great drinks, great service. 
What a great dinner we had tonight at Il Punto. The owner Antonio is welcoming and friendly and making sure all of the tables are having a top notch experience. The menu has options for all kinds of tastes: the adventurous diner who wants to try new combinations/twists on their favorite dishes and ingredients or the classic diner for those not wanting to stray from their comfort zones. Either way, the food is made with care and super fresh ingredients. They are even accommodating enough to make off-menu dishes. I told Antonio I was a huge mushroom fan and he told me about their porcini risotto that wasn't on the menu but it's a mushroom lovers dream. And it was! It had plenty of porcinis and even if they weren't in it, the actually risotto was flavored exquisitely so the mushroom flavor was the star. Wow. We opted to go on the adventurous side and try some really remarkable items. My boyfriend and I split everything so lots of sharing so we could get lots of bites in! The salad we had was served with an onion gelato...stay with me here people, yes a deliciously carmelized onion was the star of our salad. As it melted it became this perfect dressing for the whole plate. It had shrimp, blackberries, cheese, and sweet onions. It was refreshing, bright and super unique. The pastas are homemade. So of course we needed to get the pappardelle. This isn't any basic dish. It featured both blueberries in a liquor and pine nuts, this was a great sweet and savory variation to a pasta. It wasn't like anything I've ever had before. I love being surprised with deliciousness. We had some perfect wine pairings to go with our selections as well. Gotta love that!The strawberry tiramisu brought back nostalgic flavors I associate with my favorite strawberry shortcake days growing up as a child. It was light, creamy and not sicky, sweet, but light and simple and let strawberry really standout. Wow. What a meal. Don't judge a book by its cover. The place definitely needs some ambiance updates. Refreshing music to keep energy up would help. And it just needs to feel more like a place that can bridge dinner to nightlife. It feels a bit dated and could use a once over to make it seem a bit cozier and romantic. But don't let that hold you back from a delicious meal with stellar service. I will be back soon!
Celebrated our 45th Anniversary there last night! First time visit. Antonino, the GM made us feel like family as did his whole staff! Gave us special table, had superb food, impeccable but friendly service start to finish and they even prepared a complimentary special dessert with a candle ! Highly recommend! This is a 5 star ristorante all the way around! We will be back next time in the city! 
Went to this restaurant with a large group and was very happy with the food and the service. We ordered from a price fixed menu and had plenty of choices, I personally had a lovely salad and whole wheat gnocchi in a light lamb ragu. The gnocchi were as light a feather, perfect. Finished off the meal with a cup of very good coffee. Other people dining here also seemed to be enjoying there meals as well.The service was very nice and served our large group at a nice pace without feeling rushed. I would go back to this restaurant again.
Recommended by Tripadvisor and recommended by our hotel concierge ...we went with it. Great ambiance - good location, but the food was just not good. Overcooked pasta, pasty sauce, the seafood risotto tasted fishy and old. The fresh pasta at Whole Foods or even Costco tastes fresher and better. Sorry.
We went to il punto the day after our arrival in NYC. And we chose it jus over the fact that it was close by our hotel. Well... one of the best choice ever. The staff were friendly and made us feel at home. Antonio is unbelievable friendly and he kept us company talking to us for a good bit. Simone helped us choosing the wine, funny and smiley. The food is pure Italian and I would recommend it. 5 stars well earned! 
Who would have thought we wod have such an amazing meal and experience when we pulled up to this restaurant. It was almost pure luck that we were looking for something nearby MSG, as we were preparing to go to a show there that evening. Out of a sea of chain restaurants emerged the reviews for IL Punto. I am so glad we gave it a chance. Don't be fooled by the outward appearance! Once inside you will be greeted by a friendly staff and excellent food.they did their best to get us out in time without rushing us either. If you are near them, there's no doubt you should go. If you are not nearby, you should make the trip over!
We were a party of 7 staying in a nearby hotel, killing time on the last day of our holiday, and decided to lunch at Il Punto. It was fantastic, and I'm so annoyed that we had walked past it every day without stopping. I went for the three course lunch at 28$. Limited choice, but great food, perfectly balanced. I had the prawn and onion ice cream to start. Sounds bizarre but 'Wow!' - amazing! I then had the skirt steak in a red wine reduction, with beautiful creamy mashed potatoes. A delightful light cheesecake to finish. My wife and friends had a variety of the a la carter and all were very happy. Not located in the best of areas, but the food and service are definitely worth a visit.
My wife and I stopped here prior to seeing a play in New York during a weekend visit. Italian restaurants can too easily go the wrong way with heavy sauces and large portions to compensate. I started with the Caprese (fresh mozzarella and plum tomatoes - always a disappointment to have tomatoes anywhere except from your garden these days) while by wife had the insalata di bosco. For dinner my wife had the Scaloppine di vitello al Marsala while I had the Salmone Arrostito. This entire meal was enjoyable, balanced in both flavors and in amounts. Nice ambiance to the small room. Highly recommend a visit if you are in the area.
Went there for late dinner. Our group ordered the Insalata di Bosco + some cocktails to start, followed by the following as entrees: papardelle dela Selva Nera, Paccheri al Ragu, Vitello al Marsala and wrapped it up with tiramisu + Chocolate Souffle con Gelato alla Vaniglia + cappucino. Everything was delish and perfect. I must admit that I was a tad nervous with the papardelle order as the combination of black berries+pine nuts+cherries+blueberries+grape+asiago cheese could go disastrously together. However, the pasta sauce turned out well balanced and refreshing. The veal was just as amazing. The mushroom and marsala gravy was absolutely mouth watering. Everything we had during the meal was very well crafted. Besides the meal, the service was great. The servers were attentive and friendly. They even threw in a creamy gazpacho/tomato soup as a little taster. This is a definite repeat experience.
My kids had raved about this restaurant (the gnocchi, the lasagna and the ravioli) after a visit with their mother, so I decided I should visit as soon as I could. Well, the raves were well deserved. The service is attentive but not intrusive The food was timely and well presented. But of course, the proof is in the taste, and there the results were exceptional. We were treated to a small tomato soup appreciated and tasty. Then we shared a green salad which had fresh berries, all seemed to be picked at their prime. Our main courses were a Lobster Ravioli and a Lasagnetta (Lasagna). While not a lasagna fan, I will say, I would have that dish anytime!! My ravioli's were so good, I used whatever bread was left over in the bread basket to sop up every drop of the sauce. We shared a Tiramisu - delicately balanced with cream and cake and so good. The only complaint would be that the bread in the bread basket was ok.This restaurant is worth going to, even if Broadway is not the destination. I will be back.
We chose Il Punto as a special occasion destination on Christmas Eve, and were not disappointed. All those who served us, beginning with the coat check and reception, and ending with the establishment manager who thanked us for coming, were at the top of their craft. A romantic ambiance contributed to the experience. We felt special.For the holiday, Il Punto offered a limited, but well balanced menu. We chose one appetizer - the carpaccio; two secondis - the cioppini and a sea bass; and one dessert - canolli. All were expertly prepared and served - among the best we've ever enjoyed. Portions are designed as part of a complete meal, so be prepared for that. Our tab, with four glasses of wine and a cappuccino, plus tax and tip was a hundred per person.
Visited this gem before a concert at MSG on a Saturday evening , everything we ordered was delicious and beautifully presented, our party of four shared the fried calamari, octopus salad and the meat and cheese board for appetizers and For the entrees two of us ordered the lasagna , I’ll timbalo which was great and the other two ordered the salmon, it was plenty of food and everyone loved their dishes , desserts and drinks were good too, but what stroke us the most was the service we received from our server Idar , he was wonderful and made us feel like family.will definitely go back again when in the city .
We were a group of five and had a reservation for dinner before a concert at MSG. They ask you when you are being seated if you have tickets and what time your show is so that they can get you out in a timely fashion which we appreciated. Other tables were lingering much longer. I had the Fettucine Neri which was excellent and my husband had Il Timballo which was like a lasagna, also excellent. They brought us bread and the cold tomato soup which I could have eaten a whole bowl of. All in all it was a good dinner, nice restaurant with good service. I hope to go back and enjoy it again. Also, they did add a 20% gratuity even thought we were a group only of five which if you don't look for could miss as they put a suggested gratuity at the bottom of the check.
Wanted to try a new restaurant before I saw Hugh Jackman @ MSG, which his show was great. Located between Penn Station & Broadway, easy to walk to, great mixed drink menu ( I loved their Pimm's cocktail), and superb homemade gnocchi that the owner switched the gorgonzola sauce to a cheese based sauce as I'm not a gorgonzola fan. I will definitely be going there again next time I go to a Broadway show so I can try dessert with my meal. And the looked to me homemade Limoncello 🍋hit the spot on a hot summer evening as an after dinner cordial!!!!!
Ok. The owner Antonio and his stalf wonderful. Simone was awesome. But the pasta was incredible. The chicken crocante was the best chicken I have ever had. If you are a scarpiello lover try it! The veal was amazing and the Tira Miasuou was one of the best! Try this place and you will be glad you did. I have eaten all over the world and this is a gem. I will come back soon
Went to Il Punto for dinner before an Adele concert at MSG. Our first time there. The restaurant is attractive; and, the staff is outstanding - very attentive to each patron.The food was delicious. We had the stuffed mushrooms with crab meat; lobster ravioli with pink cognac sauce; chicken breast with melted cheese and wine sauce and the red snapper fillet in white wine. I have to single out the lobster ravioli as the best I've ever eaten.We will definitely be there again, and again.
I have to say there were far too many good choices on the menu that it took us a while to decide on what to eat. Thankfully the waitstaff was very helpful and accurately described the flavor combinations so well that it only made it more difficult! We ended up with a few of their signature dishes - Timaballo, crab cakes, stuffed white mushrooms and a lobster dish in a pink sauce. Each plate was artfully presented and the food cooked to perfection. This is not your average meatball and pasta Italian place and well worth a try. Very close to the theater district and MSG if you are in town for a show or event. The prices were not too high for Manhattan and the overall service was excellent. I will be back to sample more of the menu.
Looking for a place to eat before a concert at MSG, we went to Il Punto based on the reviews here. We were not disappointed. We were warmly welcomed, the waitstaff were extremely attentive and very helpful. The atmosphere is very pleasant, and the food was delicious. I tried the signature Timballo, and it was outstanding. The prices are reasonable for NYC. We will definitely go back to this lovely restaurant. Thank you for a wonderful anniversary dinner!
We ate here on a Christmas trip to New York. Overall we were very disappointed with food in New York but this restaurant redeemed it!We chose predominantly from the chefs special dishes and were not disappointed. The gelato di cipollo was a great starter and fillet of red snapper was fresh and interesting with the lemon foam. Deconstructed tiramisu finished off the meal and was good but for my taste the espresso foam could have been sweetened a bit to bring out the taste better.Good service, nice atmosphere.
Great meal. Quality of meat good. Not organic. Disco fries - fries with gravy and cheese - are to die for! Reasonable priced. Teenager friendly. Kid friendly. Loud and high energy but can have a conversation. Great for groups. 
I had at least three meals here during a five day stay in New York. A great selection of burgers and some very good salads. A very busy restaurant with friendly staff and a great selection of beers - even an organic strawberry ale from my native Yorkshire. Good quality food at a reasonable price - definitely worth a visit - as evidenced by my three visits over five days. 
We love going to Bill’s Burgers anytime we have an event right around the corner at St. Patrick’s Cathedral. On 5/1 we had a group of 17 people having dinner together at Bill’s. Beija was wonderful from making our reservation over the phone with her, to the warm, flexible greeting she gave us when we arrived a little early, to the great service throughout our meal and her friendly nature as we said our goodbyes. We will always enjoy dinner at Bill’s when in NYC and we hope to have Beija assist us any time! Thanks for making our special day finish with a lovely meal!
Great Burgers. We ate here after an afternoon at the Natural History Museum and a carriage ride. Burgers were amazing. The place is right around the corner from the main area of Rockefeller Center - we can't believe we hadn't seen it before on other visits. Burgers are all reasonably priced. We shared an order of fried and had plenty
Tasty burger, it was the first time with my colleagues and for me when I tried a Burger King burger some Veggie and it was really tasty. Liked it!!
I had the veggie burger and it was amazing. So hard to get a good quality (fake meat) burgers but it was so good here. Also had the disco fries which were lovely. And the milkshake was also really nice and a good price. Would defiantly recommend. 
Visited Bill's burger bar on black Friday and was mega busy, waited around 20 minutes to be seated, Sat there another 10 minutes and still no sign of anyone coming to see if we wanted drinks or was ready to order even though people who were seated after us were being served, spoke to front of house and they quickly sorted it out, I had the vegetarian impossible burger and have got to say it's the best veggie burger I've ever eaten! The food was great and after the initial blip which I put down to how busy it was we had a great visit and the food was lovely, next time I'm in New York I will definitely be visiting Bill's.
Our waiter (unfortunately I can't remember his name!) was really friendly and helpful. We came here for our last night in the city and it didn't disappoint! Between three of us we had 1 beef burger, 1 chicken sandwich, 1 veggie burger (SO good), sweet potato waffle fries and disco fries! Good enough value and satisfied our all-american food cravings :) 
 Very nice, friendly and warm place to be.. great food!! Absolutely loved the veggie version of the burger!! 
Stopped here for a beer veggie going to the top of the rock. Good beer, good music, friendly staff. We had the 'Impossible burger ' vegetarian burger Sandra thoroughly enjoyed it. Recommended. 
stopped in here for a burger with my wife and daughter. had very low expectation when they picked this. I am a whole food plant based eater. However they had an wonderful veggie burger that was very nicely cooked and not jazzed up with a lot of junk! My wife and daughter both had (according to them) very tasty burgers and fries and etc etc. GREAT meal. Service was swift and attentive.
My husband and I decided to try this place out while we waited for our timed entry to the nearby Top of the Rock observation deck. I am vegetarian, and so, had very little expectations of this place but I am happy to say that I was very impressed! The veggie burger was lovely and the milkshake was to die for! My husband and I ordered a shake each and we both agreed that they were miles better than any we've had from all the numerous desert places we've frequented back home in London. Service was great, we had a friendly waiter and food came out fairly quickly. If we are lucky enough to come back to NYC ever again, we would most definitely visits Bills again!! 
We went for lunch to this place on Saint Patrick's Day after we toured the Rockefeller Center. We requested a table for 6 and they said it would be a 30 minutes wait... we waited and waited an one hour past... at the end they suggested that we split in two groups... so we ended up sited in separate tables... so we wait for nothing. The food was nothing special, I had the veggie burger and my bf a beef burger (fries are not included extra $5). We order regular fries and sweet potatoes fries again nothing special. The only delicious thing was the roasted marshmallow milkshake. I would not go back.
Visited the restaurant with my wife for dinner. We had walked past earlier in the day and commented on how nice it looked from the outside. I had the bacon and cheese burger and my wife the veggie burger and we shared a portion of chilli fries. This was definitely enough for the two of us. The food was excellent. The burger was juicy and cooked to perfection with an excellent onion chutney/relish. My wife said that her veggie burger was great too. The chilli fries were good. We finished the meal off with a cookies and cream shake, which was absolutely awesome. So tasty and rich. The service was truly excellent as well; very friendly, helpful and with a smile. The look and feel of the place is great as it has a more relaxed atmosphere with good music and sports at the bar if there's something you want to watch. Would definitely recommend visiting. 
Bill's Bar and Burger is a convenient place to eat at if you are near Rockefeller Center. It is just ok, and I would not particularly recommend it. If you don't have a reservation, there is about a 20 minute wait for dinner. They give you a buzzer and you can just wait in the ground floor of the restaurant. The staff handling seating were friendly and competent. The decor of the restaurant is casual and there are some interesting details. We sat upstairs at a high top table. The table is small and decorated with a tablecloth. There are also wipes and a variety of condiments handy at the table. Our waiter was friendly. The non alcoholic cocktail I had was delicious and out of the ordinary. The food quality was mixed. The appetizers are great here too. My friend loved the BBQ chicken wings she ordered. The sweet potato fries were delicious and cooked just right. My veggie burger though was below average. Without the sauces and other toppings it would have been disappointing. The pickles seemed to be house made and were sweeter than most pickles, and sour in a different way than a typical pickle. Getting the check when we were done took longer than expected.
Looks nice and comes up ok on ratings, however, had 3 burgers which were very average. Veggie burger was absolutely awful- rock hard round the edges looked like it had come out of the freezer after 6 years and then been just about cooked enough. All the food came out far too fast to be fresh and was all only luke warm. 80 dollars for 3 burgers, 2 sides and 3 non alcoholic drinks. Then add on the 18% gratuity. Way overpriced for a really poor meal. Service was good however, can't fault the waiting staff but won't visit again 
While doing a show at Radio City almost next door my crew and I ate there 3 times in 3 days while not on a fixed budget so either it was very good or we're not too bright. Fast friendly service, really tasty burgers with high quality meat (veggie available too which our vegetarian said he really enjoyed). Fries (steak style) good but not excellent IMHO. Coffee shake was luscious. An alcohol version I didn't try as I had shows those nights :( If I was staying here if likely eat here tomorrow; then again I'm not a wildly adventurous diner. If I find something I really like I tend to stick with it. They have delivery and are open 7 days.
My first time visiting was in November 2015. Since then I have been back three more times with my wife, grandchildren's and friends and every time they have delivered a great and welcoming ambience. Veggie friendly. Prices are reasonable but be careful with the cocktails, you will end up paying more for them than for the food. Don't miss it if you are in NYC, great location.
This place really packs them in. It has a very fun vibe, with great waitstaff. Loved the grilled shrimp burger, the classic burger and the grilled veggie salad. 
Absolutely a great night, awesome service from (kat) great food great atmosphere and good prices.. well recommend. 
Small burgers with shredded lettuce. Special sauce? I didn’t taste any sauce. Service is robotic and unengaging. I hate when server doesn’t notice there aren’t enough settings.
Y yo voy a fue un gran momento cuando llegamos y nos atendieron eso muy bien en la entrada en la barra estaba Gerson Ortiz fue un gran Bartender y ofreció tragos que nunca en mi vida había tomado. Nos encanta este lugar para venir a gozar con amigos
Prenotato il giorno del thanksgiving, il locale si trova la piano terra del rockfeller center, tipico locale americano con tipici hamburger, a noi hanno offerto anche il tacchino vista la festività prezzo nella media della città gusto discreto servizio eccellente.
Been twice while in New York City was excellent!! Was priced well service was absolutely up to oar with the food and quick
Um dos melhores hambúrguer que já comi, ambiente muito estiloso, atendimento rápido e comida boa. Nota 10. Pedi o hambúrguer tradicional da casa e o de guacamole, ambos muito gostosos e batata com cheddar deliciosa
I ordered the chicken tender slides. They were very good. Service was even better; Stephanie was 10 outta 10 great server. 
If you go you have to ask of Neikin, she’s the best of the best! Professional, fast, smart and at the same time lovely. I wanna bring her in Rome with me. Super burgers and friendly place
Einfach nur Durchschnitt. Der Cheeseburger war geschmacklich nicht überzeugend, kam überraschend schnell aus der Küche und noch ein wenig kalt.
This was a very nice restaurant, located close to One World Observatory and 911 memorials. The food was great, and so was Anabel our server! We did not have to wait long for anything, and the food was delicious. Their menu offers a variety of choices at reasonable prices.I would definitely recommend eating at Bills Bar and Burger if you are nearby.
Nelkin's recommendation was perfect and has been very kind with us. The chicken quesadilla and the chips with cheese are so good!
What a fun restaurant! We ate here before going to see a taping of the Kelly Clarkson show. The staff was very friendly and fast. Food was delicious and reasonable for NYC. Drinks were great too - they make their own sour mix and I could have drank just that on its own - it was so good! The day we went, it opened at 11:30 - by 12:15 it was super busy. I would definitely go back!
Nice experience in Bill's Bar, fast service, tasty food, "american" burger's restaurant atmosphere. 
Had an amazing time! Bridget was awesome. Her ability to handle the bar and teaching a new person while it's peak time is very impressive. 
Nous avons mangé en famille à 4 au Bill’s et c’était très bien. Service impeccable, tarif abordable ce qui est rare à NY, en particulier si vous prenez la pile de 5 burgers avec frittes incluses pour moins de 20$. Photo du South burger + fries.
Sehr leckere Burger! Ein typischer amerikanischer Burger Laden. Preise sind völlig ok. Service ein bisschen überfordert aber nett
We went because it was close by and the reviews and photos posted looked so good. Not only was the food fantastic but our server George went above and beyond in service and hospitality. We would come again on our next visit to the city and will definitely recommend Bill’s!
Las mejores hamburguesas que he probado en mi vida, el sabor tremendo, hasta la salsa barbacoa sabía diferente. Desde luego, repetiría.
Liz is the greatest! Food was great but service made it better. Would recommend- fantastic meal for me and my friends
Restaurante típico americano é bastante requisitado, com excelentes opções de hambúrguer com preço justo. Atendimento ágil e atencioso.
Every time we visit NYC, we cannot leave without burgers at Bill’s. Nice atmosphere, not fancy, excellent food. The location is perfect to combine it with attractions such as Rockefeller or Vanderbilt
Endroit vraiment sympa. Personnel accueillant. Service ultra rapide, arrivé des plats après deux minutes de la commande. Prix correct 
Per me è un nì Abbiamo preso due hamburgers con patatine dolci fritte.Un classico ed uno con il panino pretzel Il classico era secco e senza sapore, il secondo buono il pane ma la troppa salsa bbq copriva il gusto del resto.Personale scortese., mette fretta e snobba le richieste, alla fine per loro sei un numero!Aria condizionata rischio infarto, copritevi se come me odiate cenare al freddo!
Really good burgers, great value and service. Victoria served us and was really helpful and attentive.I had the burger without bread which was fab. We shared a bottle of rose wine.Just around the corner from the Rockefeller.
Great food, location and prices!!Our Waiter, Elijah, was friendly, attentive and treated us like royalty!!
Great food and service. We stopped just before closing for a late meal and the staff was very accommodating. Pushed our order in last minute and never rushed us. Very nice wait staff. We even had breakfast there one morning. Again, very satified.
Super service de Edwin et Davor nourriture excellenteDes serveurs souriants et avenants je recommande fortement ce restaurant ! Typique des plats américains
After walking from the 911 Museum, my family and I decided to stop and have lunch at Bills Bar and Burger of New York. What we found were some very friendly folks, a clean establishment, and food that was absolutely outstanding! Excellent burgers and fries at the price was decent as well! Stop in if you get the chance! You won't be disappointed
I came here for lunch while waiting for my hotel room to become available. I ordered the Killer B’s slider stack (too much food for one person but I tried!) and everything was very tasty. Some sliders are dry with hard buns, but these were flavorful with soft, pillowy buns. My server was attentive and kept my Diet Coke filled. I’d definitely come back!
Ubicada en los bajos y entrañas del Rockefeller Center es una gran hamburguesería y bar de dos plantas al estilo americano. Hay en la carta muchos entrantes y postres, de hamburguesas no hay mucha variedad. Pedí la premiada como una de las mejores de Eeuu según la cnn y para mi gusto esta buena pero nada fuera de serie. Las patatas fritas por cierto hay que pedirlas a parte. El postre cheescake rico
We ate as a family for "Thanksgiving" dinner while in New York City. It was our first time eating at a Bill's Burger. We all loved it! Very, very happy and satisfied! And the desserts (chocolate cake and two different milkshakes were EXCELLENT!)Would highly recommend Bill's to any person in NYC or visiting. They have a few locations throughout the city. This one is in the Rockefeller Center complex. Decent price for NYC, and the portions were large and filling. They had a "Beyond" burger for the vegans/vegetarians in the group, although we did not partake.  They also had live music that evening, which was very good.
Among best beef burgers I’ve eaten anywhere. Prompt, attentive server. Menu options for vegetarians and vegans too. Definitely recommend!
Surprisingly roomy with cuisine consistent with the name. We went to try an Impossible Burger, which is offered at a small number of NYC restaurants. The Impossible Burger is vegan, but advertised to be identical to beef burger - actually exceeded expectations and was incredible! Give it a try.
We went to Bills Bar and Burger three times in our 10 day stay Lovely friendly staff. Food came out quick and was tasty. The vegetarian menu is limited and although the 'Impossible' Vegetarian burger was delicious, it wasn't available two times as they had run out. Lovely food and staff though and the food was deliccious. 
Visited while on holiday from the UK with family on a Sunday evening in June as a party of 8, had no booking but were accommodated regardless. Food was incredible, the burgers were so fresh, and one member of our party had the ‘impossible burger’ (vegetarian) and it was a huge success. Was served by a lovely waiter called Laura, who constantly ensured she topped up our water and brought drinks etc immediately, despite her being clearly very busy juggling many tables. The price was great value for how incredible the food and service was. The burgers don’t come with chips, but I recommend just ordering and sharing a few portions between everyone - very filling! Major shout out to Laura and Bills for making this our favourite meal of the holiday!
We stumbled across this place, after visiting the Top of Rock at Rockerfella Centre. A classic burger joint, it offers an array of various soups, salads, burgers and sides. With some great accompaniments and drinks. I actually discovered something I had never seen, which changed my life! Pretzel bites with cheese dipping sauce, was almost my main meal. I couldn't stop eating them. For a vegetarian they had some great choices, although my husband had the classic burger and loved it. It is obviously a popular chain and is filled with families, tourists and alike. This gave the place a lively, energetic feel. The server we had was brilliant, really friendly and attentive, the food was also prepared well and quick. (we were on a time limit).I would say check it out, if you love good burgers!
Amazing shakes and burgers!Loved that they had a great vegetarian option: the impossible burger (see pic). A real classic burger, but vegetarian. It was juicy and delicious! So were our monster shakes.We also had a very friendly waiter and great service. I felt for the amount of food, the quality of both food and service, the price was very reasonable. Would definitely go back here if I'm in NYC again.
Enjoyed our dining experience here great food  Staff friendly good food choices but didn’t have a great selection for a vegetarian Highly recommend 
Called on our first night back in NYC. Arrived about 5:30 pm and place was fairly quiet so we were taken to a table straight away. Once seated and perusing menu we noticed the happy hour as the happy hour offers were tagged at the table. We only took advantage of the half price beers (normally $9 a pint - ouch) the other choices were all from the main menu. There are very few choices for vegetarians which could easily be improved on. When the bill came with the beers were full price and the server explained that there was tiny print at the bottom of the offer menu that the offers are only available at the bar...so why display the offer menu so prominently at the sitting area and have the T & C less prominently. Anyhow the server explained it happens all the time and as we had only 2 draught beers he removed one. So overall the food was okay but nothing outstanding and as explained above could be easily improved. Service was good and issue sorted quickly but still embarrassing. Why do restaurants do this? Just be clear about pricing as one bad experiences may prevent a further visit.
This is right around the corner from Rockefeller Center, and is a bustling place full of many different kinds of burgers. The Impossible Burger, was a vegetarian burger that looked and tasted like a real burger. A great place to take the kids, albeit it is a little expensive, but is a cut above a fast food place.
Had a lovely late lunch here on a busy Thursday afternoon.We were quickly seated and served within 5 minutes of arriving by a very friendly and attentive waiter.We both went for the impossible burger as we’re both vegetarians and we’ve had it before from Bareburger and it was delicious as usual. We also got a sides of fries, onion rings and coleslaw which were all decent.I went for a vanilla shake which was delicious and my partner had a white wine sangria which she also enjoyed. The bill came to around $75 including 20% tip.Would visit again. 
The turkey burger was spicy and average. The chopped salad, guacamole, fish tacos were all better. Prices were reasonable, especially for the area of Rockefeller Center. 
We visited December 28.2022 it was busy but the wait staff were very friendly and the service was good. I got a burger on a GF bun and side salad. My daughter got the chicken sandwich and chocolate shake. The food was delicious! It’s a bit tricky to find. Go inside the Rockefeller Center take the escalator down. I will definitely visit again!
Our derive from waitress was top notch! Burgers were delicious and service was fast. We chose this place for reviews on their gluten free options (supposedly dedicated fryer and gluten free buns) my son has celiac and ate all of his kids cheese burger without complaint. My only issue was when we ordered milkshakes. The one was recommended by the waitress and I asked if it was mint or mint with cookies for the GF kid. She said it was just mint, we’ll when it came to the table (food runner) it had cookies as a garnish and cookies in the shake (think mint chocolate cookies and cream. I know. Yummy!). I was concerned and she said “I checked chef said it’s gluten free” so the kid ate a cookie and started annihilating the shake. About halfway into it our waitress comes back profusely apologizing and said wait. It’s not gluten free. I double checked and chef said “there might be some gluten in the cookies” so she checked the box for the cookies and they were definitely not GF. I don’t blame her, and was very happy she rechecked and questioned the kitchen and came back to us. I was upset at the cook or chef who should understand the difference between “a little bit of gluten in the cookies” and gluten free. When it’s a medical issue and a dietary restriction not due to a fad or a lifestyle choice it’s a serious matter. The kiddo got a replacement shake and we made it through the night without any major repercussions from the glutening. I do recommend this place still, my burger was A+ just be diligent if you have any dietary issues. 
Everyone loved their food and the waiter was attentive and friendly. They had gluten free buns to accommodate one of our dietary restrictions. 
We were on holiday in New York in October 2018. We walked everywhere. On this day we had walked from Central Park down to Battery Park and decided we really needed something to eat. I am gluten intolerant and we had stopped and ask in many restaurants who all said they could not accommodate us. But, in Bill’s I could eat, and eat I did. The burger, with a gluten free bun, was a good size and kept us going for the journey back. It has a great American feel to the place with loads of places to sit. Thanks Bill’s there wasn’t many places I found to eat.
We went here on Christmas Day. It was super busy and we thought we were in for a long wait but we got a table much sooner than anticipated. We shared a salad first which was delicious. I the. Had a shrimp burger with a gluten free bun. The bun was pretty dry but it was nice to have the option of a burger. My husband had an amazing milkshake- dread to think how many calories were in it but he loved it and it was Christmas! 
This was an extremely busy place, popular with the local working crowd. The burgers were a good size and absolutely delicious. My wife had a gluten free bun which she said was the best she’d ever had. The only thing is fries don’t come with your meal, you have to order them separate. Other than that it was awesome.
This is seriously one of the best burger joints I have ever been to, and I've been to a lot! Gluten free option, which is great since I'm Celiac. Super sweet potato fries! The burger...just yummmmmm, and just like I ordered it. And great staff, too. All for a reasonable price for NYC. I'd go back in a heartbeat!
Food was good and tasty. Thankful for gluten free options. Service was slow even though we ate there for a weekday lunch and arrived early. We arrived at about 11:15 and had no trouble getting a table immediately. 
We were on the lookout for somewhere to eat in between ice skating in Rockefeller Center and visiting the Radio City Christmas Spectacular, and found that this place was close by. On checking the menu it seemed that they had gluten free options which was great as both me and my sister have an intolerance to gluten, so we booked a table. Bill’s did not disappoint! Our waiter was Dallas and he was very friendly and offered us great service. The food that we had was so tasty as well, and the gluten free bun is so good! Portions are very generous too, and not too expensive. Will definitely visit here again on my next visit to NYC. 
Nice place, busy which is always a good sign. Lovely beer and burgers were good. Our youngest is gluten intolerant and had a gluten free burger and bun which she said was the best she had had.
We ate at Bills specifically because my daughter researched their menu based on food allergies. We spent weeks researching restaurants before our trip to NYC. I have anaphylactic allergies to seafood and nuts. I am also a celiac. Based on other reviews and a phone call we were assured separate fryers were used for seafood so that i could in fact eat the sweet potato fries and order a burger without a bun. I was assured the burger would be cooked on a separate pan and all food would be labeled with stickers “allergy”. Our reservations were for lunch Christmas Day before the Rocketts show. Our server informed me that the seafood and fries were shared oil and they could not guarantee that there would not be any cross contamination of the burger for gluten. So because it is Christmas Day in NY everything is booked or closed i did not eat today. Went to Walgreen bought some kettle chips.I highly recommend Pie by the Pound for lunch would have gone back again but they were closed. This was a huge disappointment. However i am so glad i asked otherwise I would have spent the afternoon in the hospital 
For sure the best burgers in wholeNYC. A great menu and variety of options. We also had a gluten free burger that was awesome. Like Central Park or the Empire State, this is a must to visit in NYC!
If you are ever bear Tines Square and suddenly have an urge for a beer and a burger, visit Bill’s Bar and Burger.A welcoming atmosphere, warm and friendly. A wide range of beers, including a gluten free. The burgers are excellent and the customer service, first rate.
Burgers, fries and shakes were very good. Touted as having gluten free options, which was very important because my daughter has Celiac disease and we always worry about cross contamination. They claimed to have a separate area for preparing their GF food and a separate fryer. They must, because she ordered a burger with a gluten free bun and fries (cheese fries are not GF) and had no adverse side effects.Place was jam packed. It is around the corner form the Rockefeller Christmas Tree and we were there on 12/10 - could be the reason. Call ahead to make a reservation! I say the service was lacking but again, it could have been just because the time of year we were there. I would go back.
We chose Bills due to its proximity to St Pat’s and it was, indeed very convenient. For those unfamiliar with that neighborhood Bills is actually in the Rockefeller Center complex. It can be accessed both from 51 st and the lower level of Rock Center. Fortunately we were able to make a reservation which I would recommend as the place is busy. The atmosphere is a bit frenetic but I guess that’s par for the course in NYC. We all had burgers which were generously sized and tasty but all little expensive v. Suburb prices(although on the lower end for NYC). Everything was ala carte. We had regular fries, sweet potato fries and Cole slaw. The fries were tasty but not very hot. The Cole slaw was good. I was impressed they were able to accommodate our fellow diner who ordered a gluten free bun. Our server was pleasant but a little hard to track down. We actually had to wait about 10 minutes to get our check. A fun place probably best for people under 30. A bit noisy and crowded for a visit with old friends.
This was the worst place we’ve eaten in for a long time. I hade a chicken sandwich that was so dry and my sister had a “south of the burger” that looked like they’d dropped it on the floor. Service vas bad. And the place was noisy and not clean.
Very good burgers and more at reasonable prices in a clean, family oriented environment. Our server Gabby G made our lunch a wonderful dining experience. Don and Pat
The redturant was clean and inviting. I splurged and ordered the chocolate peanut butter shake. It was awesome! The fries, that I borrowed from a friend's plate were good too! Thanks again George for the awesome service
This was one of the best burgers I ever had. It was messy to eat but worth it. I admit being a bit skeptical of a burger with an English muffin but it works. My waiter "D" was awesome and the resturant was clean and the food came out immediately..
Had the Keto burger and was it GOOD! It was more than enough to refuel after a long day. Had Hofbrau beer, first time in over 20 years and it was so awesome! I wanted more!! But I had to get around the s’more milkshake. 😃 That was heavenly! The service was good and the place was clean. Stop and try it for yourself.
This is a great spot for a casual lunch and/or drinks. I sat at the bar because I was alone and just wanted a quick bite. Very comfortable seating, great service, clean environment and friendly staff. I’ll visit again next time in NYC. Food was very tasty and food selection of items on the menu. 
If you have the opportunity to eat and drink here, don’t pass it by! I’ve been to the lower nyc location before and this one is just as good. The food is hot and fresh, the drinks are on point (try the cucumber margarita!) The service was wonderful and it’s very clean. A nice, casualPlace. Bonus on Friday, live music in the bar area!
Last year we visited the area and ended up at another well known burger shack. Later that day we stumbled upon Bill's. It looked so appealing and smelled heavenly from the sidewalk. I made a mental note & planned on visiting on our next trip to NYC for the holidays. Fast forward 1 year and here we are at Bill's Bar & Burger!Upon arrival, we walked inside and found the place pretty packed. We were asked IF we had made reservations and the answer was "no". So, we were expecting the worst. However, we were told to head on down the steps and meet the hostess at the bottom of the stairs to be seated. At the bottom, no one was waiting for us. So we approached the hostess stand and got in line there. We explained that we had been sent down from upstairs. After a few minutes we were seated at a HIGH top and given menus. I was a little concerned about the HIGH seats since we had 2 small children in our party, but there were no other seats available at the time. A waiter was around and said he would be with us shortly. We waited and waited and waited. Finally, we see the waiter ask someone else to wait on us. It seemed like chaos. We ordered 2 burgers and a basket of the sweet potato waffle fries. We also ordered a kids hotdog, which is a foot long! It came with a side of regular french fries and a kids beverage for $10. A regular burger runs around $13 and does NOT come with any sides. Add bacon for an upcharge. It took about 35 minutes from the time we walked through the door to the time our food was arriving at the table. Everything looked amazing. Burgers were plump, juicy and oh so flavorful. Delish! Bacon was amazing. Regular fries were very tasty, crispy on the outside yet fluffy on the inside. Sweet potato waffle fries were disappointing. They had great flavor but were thin and turned out oh so crunchy and crispy. We asked for a new basket that was not overcooked. Well, we ended up with a second batch of crunchy fries. Overall, we had a really good meal at Bills Burger & Bar. The burgers were really good. The kids enjoyed the hot dog & so did we since we had to help eat the foot long dogs. Regular fries were good, although they are probably frozen and not fresh cut. Sweet potato waffle fries were a miss. Prices were a tad high, but we expect that in NYC near Rockefeller Center. Dining room area was OK. It felt cramped and I was NOT crazy about the high top tables (for kids or adults). Downstairs seating felt like a basement, where as the upstairs was little more airy with a bar-pub overtone. Restrooms were clean, but one of the toilets kept leaking water on the floor. Staff was friendly. Service is a tad on the SLOW side. So, do not go if in a hurry. I would recommend. I will be back, but next time I will make reservations in hopes of getting a booth or regular table instead.Bottom Line: Excellent burgers. Well worth a visit if in the area. Would recommend and will most likely be back next Christmas!
Great place to eat in New York, Ordered our food promptly but some of our party had to change as they didn’t have it but the kids didn’t mind. Food was delicious!! And huge!! Our waiter was great, full of conversation and very happy to recommend different burgers. Very clean in the restaurant, relaxing and great vibe!! 
Good place to get full and very nice staff was very helpful clean and good service good tasting food
Location Location Location! It's right in Rockefeller Plaza, so it's easy to get to, and it is kid friendly, but there's not much else it's got going for it.Ate here last night with friends and their tween kids, as the menu was friendly to adults and kids.The place is NOISY. Which you expect for a kid-appealing joint. I wouldn't call the floors clean, either. Menu has lots of choices, from burgers to chicken to "fish" to salads. My burger was tasty, although overcooked. Wife had salad with "blackened shrimp". There was a little spice on these "large" shrimp, but not what anyone who knows what blackened is would call blackened. Burgers do not come with friesService was pretty good. Place was busy with folks waiting, even though the large downstairs room was not being used.Frankly you get a much better burger at about the same price at 5 Napkin Burger. Harder to linger at 5 Napkin, though, and we did enjoy catching up with our friends.
Food was absolutely terrific, milkshakes outstanding. Great atmosphere. Negative side is that it’s not as clean as one would expect and both times the waiters have not been very friendly. Made it seem that we were bothering them with our orders.
We visited this place not realising it was actually in the Rockefeller building. The atmosphere was great with loads of locals using it. It resembles a sports bar and is quite casual but definitely more up market with a great menu of burgers and easy food. Drinks and food were delicious and reasonably priced. The staff were very friendly and eager to interact and we had a good laugh with staff due to our table being near the cash till. The toilets weren’t large though and it’s was basically one in and one out but they were clean. We enjoyed our visit and would definitely go again. 
This is the first restaurant I stepped in when I was in NY in October 2018. Everthing I have tasted was really good. Burgers and milkshakes are delicious! Decoration is cosy, service is fine and very clean. If you want to eat burger, this place must be seen...
The burgers and fries was wonderful, Jennifer was an excellent waitress, the service was amazing by all the Bill’s crew, my daughter enjoys her first lunch in Manhattan.
We chose the killer bs which was five mini sliders (they weren’t that mini a lot bigger than sliders in the uk 🤣) onion rings and fries we chose to share which we were glad we did as portions were big we also ordered a portion of cheese fries which was also quite a big portion with lots of cheese sauce , We enjoyed our food and were extremely full after we finished , Our waitress was very friendly and very attentive we would definitely return here .
2 panini con hamburger semplici2 birre1 porzione di patatineMancia70 dollari.In tutto ciò i panini non erano niente di entusiasmante e dopo le 22:30 ( siamo arrivati alle 9:45) ci hanno cacciato perché chiudeva. Andate altrove
So good I went twice in my 3 day trip to NYC! (if I could have squeezed a third meal in I would have, but had to catch a flight.)Burger was incredible ( Ultimate Cheeseburger) with a side order of sweet potato fries, and the shake (S'mores) was rich and like a dessert. My server Steven, guided me to these items( thanks Steven!) and his excellent customer service made the whole experience taste better. I will be back!
Hamburger eccellenti e servizio preciso ed attento.Buona scelta anche nelle birre.Sicuramente consigliato e da riprovare.
This is a fun bar in a great location. Our server, Victoria, was very attentive and nice. We got quick service and delicious burgers and onion rings. Cold beer too!
Wonder waitress VictoriaVery personal and professionalThe food and beer were very good and my group of friends from Kansas enjoyed the experience 
Victoria was great! Food was amazing and so was the Cold Ass Beer! Will recommend to all my friends and will definitely come again!
Yes it's a chain and yes it's fast food...but the food needs to be hot.We ordered kids chicken tenders and fries and two burgers and fries. All was lukewarm. I'm not sure how a freshly made burger can be cold on the inside. The server was very friendly and got us replacement burgers but we had already gone off it at that point. The food was disappointing and it needs to be better for the price - right now, I'd say you're better off at McDonalds...
While our server was extremely friendly and the atmosphere was fun, the food left a bit to be desired. My Cobb salad was mediocre at best and very disappointing. My husband's burger was good and so were my daughter's boneless wings, but the fries were lukewarm and a bit soggy. Overall we left disappointed.
Visited Bills Bar and Burger during lunchtime. Despite the bustling crowd, we managed to secure seats at the bar. The service was a tad sluggish, but the staff exhibited friendliness and offered apologies for the delay.Our order consisted of the sauce-less Bills Burger and The Fat Cat. Both burgers were impeccably prepared and cooked to perfection. It's important to note that the side items come at an additional cost.The burgers themselves were substantial and satisfying. This cozy spot, conveniently located near Rockefeller Center, offers reasonable prices, straightforward yet delicious fare, and boasts a fully stocked bar.
Attenzione con le carte di credito!Conto di 70 dollari ed addebito di 130! Purtroppo messaggio di addebito arrivato in ritardo! Carta affidata alla cameriera che ha provveduto a prendersi abbondante mancia...
Sheena made great drinks and a great personality! Great bartender and already been back to see her :-)
Really good food, value and family-friendly - especially for what I initially considered to be a guaranteed tourist trap. We walked in around noon on a Sunday, no reservations and three hungry, cranky kids in our party of 7. They had us seated immediately, pulled up a high chair, took orders and had hot, fresh food back FAST!And wait staff was really friendly - extra kudos to Baja!!!
Ich bin absolut begeistert von meinem Besuch im Billi's Bar&Burger! Das Restaurant kombiniert eine gemütliche Atmosphäre mit leckeren Burgern. Die Burger waren saftig, perfekt zubereitet und mit frischen Zutaten belegt. Der freundliche Service sorgte dafür, dass wir uns sofort wohl fühlten. Die große Auswahl an Beilagen rundete die Mahlzeit ab. Ich kann es kaum erwarten, nochmal ein Stück des genialen Cheesecake zu essen.
wonderful service and staff.. my girl courtney was an A+. will be back again for the burgers! so so good
Excellent!!! Management and server were awesome. Food was great!Celebrated a birthday and they made it extra special. Thanks 
Rigtig god oplevelse. God mad, god stemning, hurtig betjening, venligt personale. Vi fik burgere med pommes frites og øl.
Hamburguesas muy buenas y el local muy americano. La zona genial y el precio bien para la zona. El servicio bueno, amables
L’arredamento è molto carino, tipico americano con tovagliette a quadri.Gli hamburger buonissimi, abbiamo mangiato hamburger per 7 giorni e questo è stato il migliore!Le disco fries invece non sono buone evitatele.Il personale è molto gentile e sono molto veloci!
Abbiamo mangiato benissimo, personale super gentile e per i prezzi di New York anche abbastanza economico. Lo consiglio a tutti
Fantastic burgers and great spot right at Rockefeller Centre. We wandered in and so glad we did. Staff friendly, good terrific and great place to relax having a meal . So quiet considering how busy the area is .
Hamburguesas deliciosas, la carne cocinada perfectamente, pedimos las patatas con carne y queso, deliciosas se queda corto, sitio 100 recomendado si vienes a Nueva York que no puedes dejar sin visitar.
Ligt vlakbij Rockefeller Plaza en Top of the Rock, goed gegeten en goed betaalbaar! Bediening vriendelijk. Je kunt hier prima gaan eten als je iets Amerikaans zoekt.
Amazing bar. I had Bills Burger, and it was one of the best burgers I've had. Fries were great, and the other food looked good too. The service was super helpful and friendly. Would 100% recommend!
Bills Bar and Burger is a great spot on 51st between 5th and 6th. Great for lunch or dinner as nice and casual. Reasonable prices.
Outstanding service by George, amazing burger and shake. Quality ingredients, ate outdoors, a really terrific meal.
Good food with decent sized portions for the price.Had Cassidy as our server and she could not have been more attentive during our meal.
Good burger joint within Rockefeller Center area. Good burgers, good sweet potato fries and great service. Would visit again.
Big portions, prices were good, we had George as a server and he was great. Try the Killer B's it fed me and my teenage son. My daughter has chicken tenders and loved them. Thanks for the great service and advice George!!! 
Great Burgers, nice drinks, local craft beers. Very nice service, thanks Lenny! Would definitely come again for a nice evening.
We stopped at Bill’s on a whim as we just happened to see it down a side street as we were walking 5th Avenue. When we walked in, it appeared to be crowded with the local lunch crowd. After a shorter wait than anticipated, we were seated and a server immediately appeared. She took our drink orders, explained some things on the menu and answered our questions. She returned with our drinks and took our lunch order. A friend and I shared the Killer Bees-5 sliders topped with cheddar cheese, grilled onions, and a savory sauce served with French fries and onion rings. Excellent! So glad I shared because I could not have eaten all 5 sliders myself. Many other lunch items on the menu (that looked quite tasty as they passed our table) as well as milkshakes, drinks, and desserts. Our server was friendly, helpful and efficient. I’ll go back again when I’m in NYC!
Brilliant is the only way to describe our visit.Welcoming waitress, attentive service, little touches like a jug of cooled water bought to the table whilst choosing from menu was appreciated.We all chose different burgers , fries and onion rings and the portions were huge!Took chocolate dessert as take out as so full, this was delicious.Good atmosphere in diner, locals calling in for take outs and great music from in- house dj.
We stopped here for a few drinks - ok atmosphere, facilities aren't great and the service was a bit slow. We had 5 beers and 2 Aperols for the same price that we had consumed double this amount + food in a restaurant the night before.plenty of locals enjoying the food but it didn't look like it was for us
Although a busy weekday,the line went quickly and we were seated in a cute bistro table. Good selection of beers and the burgers were filling and juicy. Kids’ burger, fries and drink for $10 was reasonable after our trip to the LEGO store. Clientele was a mixture of tourists, business people and other locals.
We got several recommendations for this restaurant from the locals! We had time before the Rockettes show to eat and this was highly recommended! WOW, WERE THEY RIGHT!This place was so delicious, the staff were great. We can’t wait to go back and eat here again on our next trip to NYC. YES, it was expensive...just over $100 for four to eat hamburgers, milkshakes and soda, but it was worth every penny!
The best ever shake - like a Bomb calories:) burgers very good! I took the ultimate cheesburger with extra avocado and japaleno! Very tasty! The local is bery busy so it is good to make a reservation! Great place for lunch!
Stayed across the road from this restaurant in a major chain hotel. Started off with some amazing shakes and had a really nice table with booth type seating. Very comfy and after a long trip from the UK most needed. We had a selection of burgers and tacos and all were fresh, tasty and excellently cooked. Prices as expected for NY. Bills bar had a good vibe to it and if I was a local to NYC I would go back regularly. 
Location: central, wide and very ospital restaurant.People: kind & empatich guysFood: high quality burghers, very tasty local beers and wonderful shakes!Prices: normal in NYC, you can satisfy your appethite spending 20 $ each mediumI love that place
A local friend took us here on a Tuesday night. We did this totally last minute and did not have high expectations. Well we were pleasantly surprised by how great it was. The gourmet burgers served in a very relaxed atmosphere was a good idea. My son had a shake that he couldn't finish so I did. It was amazing. I will be back.
Great March Madness Happy Hour. They have an excellent beer selection with many local beers and IPA’s. Beers out of happy hour are $9 which seems steep to me. We tried the nachos and the Chile was amazing, but the chips were just average (think Tostitos). I ordered the basic Bill’s cheeseburger and it was amazing, as good as Shake Shack, but more cheesy. I would definitely go back.
Had a great burger (it's a lot of burger!) and a beer for reasonable money and great service. Tried the local beer and it was good.Caught happy hour and got 50% off beer price (if you sit at the bar or tables right in bar area only)Close to the Rock. Center easy to find. Close to shopping and Metro access.
Had a cheeseburger to go and fries. Really no better than McDonald's and that would have been a lot cheaper. There are many good local places where you can get a real good burger with quality beef for the same price. Probably my last time here unless they upgrade their beef. Fries okay, but again, McDonald's fries are so much better.
George did an amazing job, very attentive and informative. I had a salad and it was a great value, fresh produce and so yummy!
My wife and I split the Killer Bs (burger sliders) and the chicken sliders. The food was hot and fresh, and so filling. We probably could have just split the killer Bs, but we’re glad we tried both. We topped it off with a Chocolate Peanut Butter Bomb because we couldn’t resist, and it did not disappoint. The best part of our meal was our waiter, Dee. He was super attentive, cordial, and professional. I wish more people in the service industry were like Dee. Thanks!
I've been in this place second time and again everything were delicious and fresh. The burger is the best I ever eaten. Very kindly and quick service. Thanks BeijaBBQ wings are amazing;)
We dropped in here for a quick lunch while out in NYC doing the touristy thing. We ordered the impossible (meat free) burgers which were just amazing! They were tasty and fresh along with the nice french fries. We also ordered a couple of milkshakes and these were really tasty. One strawberry and one Oreo. While making them they made too much for one glass so they gave us the extra in the shake cup so nothing went to waste which was great to see. The kids menu was extensive too and they enjoyed their chicken burgers and fries. Service was good so no complaints. It was busy but they were still quick in all that they did. Would go back for sure.
I was visiting NYC with some friends and we came across Bill’s Burger and Bar. We stopped in and didn’t regret it one bit - the shakes and burgers were so fresh and delicious! Our waiter, Delfin, was so friendly and made our experience a better one. Highly recommend!
Delfin was awesome! He heard me speaking to my son and asking about a table and he helped us make sure we were seated right away! Quick to take our drink order, I felt like he really cared. The food was fresh and delicious. Most importantly we were able to get our food quickly and make it to Broadway! Thank Delfin!
The most excellent, tasty, amazing, juicy and filling burger we have ever eaten!A proper home cooked fresh burger with all the extras you could want!This really was a proper American burger bar experience!!
I was pleasantly surprised at the quality in a red checked tablecloth place in a tourist mecca at lunchtime. Our server , Gabby, was prompt, positive and efficient, had us out on time. We were seated at 1pm quickly. And the burgers were fresh, fries hot, all delicious. Little pricey, but that's midtown.
Couldn’t ask for more, good burger, fresh fries. Waitress was attentive even though she had a full station. I thought the price - for the city , was very reasonable. Good place to go if your looking for a quick good meal.
We were looking for a place tostop for lunch on a recent vacation to NYC and came upon Bills by accident. We were able to get seated quickly and received very friendly service from the greeter and waitress. Our food was great and it arrived hot and fresh in a reasonalbe amount of time. There were four of us and we enjoyed our salads and hamburgers. We will come back on another visit to the City.
It was okay. The food was what you would expect from a chain/touristy type of restaurant. Service was great. No real complaints. We ate here before seeing a show. 
First time at Bill's. Went for lunch with my kids. The atmosphere was nice, very kid friendly menu. Our server, Beija, was phenomenal. She was very patient and helpful while we ordered. Our food was served quickly. Beija checked on us, joked with the kids and made sure we were comfortable and happy!
Nice atmosphere, it was busy but our server Beija was engaged with us. She is knowledgeable about the menu and gave us great recommendations. If you want a great burger and service this is the best option in the area! 
The food was awesome and Maurice was our server and he was the best!! He was very personable, knowledgeable and added a fun atmosphere to our dinner. Definitely ask for Maurice when you come!
Maurice was excellent. Best server in town. If you come in here request him! The food was great. They have Bullett Rye and they is always an AA++
Great experience. Miller was great waiter and service was fantastic. Loved our burgers and experience. Beer choices were great
It was so good! We visited this place near Liberty Street and again at Rockefeller. Both experiences were great. At Rockefeller we got served by Julian. He was so busy but stayed very friendly and helpful. We ordered loaded nachos, some regular burgers and the fat cat. All very delicious! 
We just happened upon Bill's Bar and Burger while in NYC....we were hungry and the smell outside was irresistible. We loved the food, atmosphere and our server Nelkin was on top of everything for us...and friendly to boot!
Woooow excellent place the margaritas that Gerson prepared for us were delicious,very excellent service highly recommended 
Delicious burgers and shakes! One of us ordered a Bill’s Burger..and two of us shared the mini B’s. The minis tasted very similar to the larger burger..so if you are sharing, the 19.95 five slider/fries/rings is prob a good money-saving option! It was a different atmosphere than we expected . Nice spot!
Excellent service, food is amazing.Nelki. Great burgers. The beers were amazing. Nachos. South of the burger. Good 
The food was great, but food is better when staff treats you like family. George treated us with that concern. He made us feel home, made recommendations that were helpful and was always there to keep serving. What more would out of towners want.Thanks BB&B…thanks George,Pete
Best burgers we've ever had, our waitress Nelkin was absolutely amazing and kind, loved her! 10/10 
I had a great time. Daniel was phenomenal!! Food was great and the drinks as well. I will come back again. 
El lugar muy bonito , La Comida muy rica. Y el servicio estuvo Excelente, en especial A quien nos atendió, NELKIN .......
This spot is a great place to get yummy, affordable and filling food in the city, especially when you are visiting. I’ve been a couple of times already, and never had an issue with reserving or walking in during rush hours. I especially love the customer service - my favorite experience here was with Anyelo as my friends’ and I server! He noted and ensured our specific requests on food was carried through and was kind to us. My favorite food is the grilled cheese and their milkshakes. The place is flexible if you want to get or pick up food by yourself, have a beer with coworkers, or come with your whole family! I highly recommend tourists to eat here especially when in the 5th avenue area or need food before or after a Broadway show - it’s near the popular broadway theaters and the food comes surprisingly quick (obviously depends on how many people are there). Overall, it’s awesome!
The food and drinks were amazing but our waiter Dee stole the show! He took care of our 2 tables (group of 10) and made the whole experience great! He was super engaging with us all and we had a great time.
Great service fron the Hostess to our server Dee, he was great. Never an empty glass of water to long and great suggestions on choices and very personal. Food was plentiful and delicious, very quick service. Enjoyed the whole experience. Would definitely go back and suggest Dee as your server.
Stopped off here with the hubby as it looked amazing from outside. Smells were fantastic. Service was amazing. Food is out of this world. If in New York you have got to visit. Great prices. On a whole 5stars. Hopefully will get to go again..
My family has been to this restaurant two other times because we enjoy the food and the proximity to Radio City. We were not disappointed in the food but the service was extremely disappointing. Drinks took about 20 minutes, refills even longer. We didn’t see our waiter for the entire time we had our food while my wife’s cup was empty the whole time. Even dirty dishes stayed on our table from the appetizers until after our dinner plates were removed.
We stopped in for a bite to eat, after doing a Statute of Liberty tour boat ride. The atmosphere was great, the food was really great, and the experience was memorable. On the back end of the restaurant, it attaches to a hotel, and the whole thing appears to be well kept. We enjoyed our meal.
We fancied a scrumptious burger and saw Bill's advertised in our hotel magazine. The lip-licking photo clinched the deal. Struggled to locate the place but had set our minds on a Bill's Burger by now...When we found it, from what I could gather, there are two levels with separate entrances. We tried the lower entrance first, and requested a booth. There were plenty free but we were advised we needed to go to the upper level. We found it a bit confusing how to actually get there (they directed us back outside and round) but once we did, you could see it was rammed. However with a bit of negotiation, they did let us in a booth which was great. If you too would like a booth, I suggest you book. I also recommend you book if you prefer not to be in the middle of people filing past and the flow of food, drinks. Its individual choice and some people love being in the busy hub of it, which this place definitely had going on while we were there. Mid-week, early evening.What you can't book is the loo. One female for the whole floor. Waited in the queue for quite some time. People are lovely and kept offering me their place because I was on crutches but I was ok... a window ledge to lean on. More facilities lower floor.Service was standard. Nothing exceptional and nothing to note, and so to disappointingly, were our burgers. Sometimes when you go out of your way to travel for something you really want, struggle to locate, assert yourself for a table out of the thoroughfare. You really, really enjoy what you made the effort for. Shame that didn't happen. It was just ok. I am certainly not ruling out another Bill's Burger but I just wouldn't go out of my way to seek one out.We all had a different type of burger, and all felt the same. Average and quickly forgotten. The Disco Fries were tasty and more memorable.The Cookies & Dream Signature Milkshake also received more praise. Apparently delicious and certainly plentiful..... but at the end of the day. We'd made the effort for a burger, not fries and a milkshake.
After a nightmare meal the night before, this place restored our faith in NYC restaurants. We loved the theming but the real stars here are the food and drinks. My husband got their really famous burger and I got a delicious chicken sandwich. I wasn’t even that hungry when we got to dinner because we’d been eating all day, but when I got that taste of flavorful chicken, whatever magical sauce, and avocado, I suddenly had the room to consume that whole thing in no time. My cocktail was fab but my husband’s oreo milkshake, which I got a good portion of, was so satisfying for my sweet tooth. The great staff and service, especially compared to the awful experience the night before, was the cherry on top.
We stopped in here for burgers. No reservation and was told 30 min wait. Not unusual for NYC so we decided to wait, no chairs to wait even though the whole downstairs was empty. After being seated we ordered our food immediately because we had already studied the menu for 30 min. We ordered things without onions etc due to allergies and of course they didn't come out right. I ordered a soft drink and it was not brought until after I had finished my whole meal. waiter only checked on us for water once. overall not happy.
I made a 6pm Open table reservation here so I could take my kids to an 8pm at Radio City around the corner. We arrived at 5.55pm to find a huge line of people waiting to be seated. After 15 minutes we finally got to the front of the line (it was now 6.10) and informed the maitre d' we had a 6pm booking for three. She then proceded to hand me a pager and told me that we'd be buzzed when our table was ready, probably in 20-30 minutes! I refused the pager and informed her that I had a reservation and that I expected to be seated, not treated like a walk-in. What -after all - is the point of a reservation if they don't RESERVE your table. She explained that the restaurant was busy. I explained that I didn't care, I was on a schedule and expected the restaurant to honour their end of the reservation "deal". She offered to call the manager, I said yes please.The manager came and said there was nothing they could do. He explained that the restaurant was busy and I explained I knew it would be busy and that was why I made a reservation. We went back and forth for a while with excuses of lots of customers (was he complaining?) and not enough staff (whose job is it to properly staff the restaurant?) and having to close a whole section because of staffing issues (ditto). In the end my persistance ended up with the three of us being crowded on stools around a small tall bar table, being constantly jostled as staff brought stuff in and out of the kitchen. But at least we were sitting.Our waitress person was lovely. She was obviously over-worked but was an absolute delight.The food came. It was cold.We left. We won't be going back.
Sat at the bar....new years eve eve. Busy but the bar tender was friendly, kept the food and drink flowing and recommended the shrimp burger. A shrimp patty (whole shrimp) with coleslaw and pickles and avocado. Yum. 
was wandering around admiring the Xmas tree at Rockefeller centre,turned the corner and found this superb eating place,got in and seat at the bar around 1230 thank god for when it got to about 1pm the place was jumping,I think the whole of Manhattan decided to descend on bills place for lunch.It did not surprise me,we ordered lunch and had it at the bar,food was reasonably priced and tasted delicious .staff were friendly,and great atmosphere.A good tip,go before 1 or after 3,and just sit and enjoy a drink and food at the bar.you don't need to bother with a table unless that's what you prefer,.
We visited Bills for breakfast. I was part of a party of 16, and we were split onto different tables.The staff were excellent, and very attentive.The food was delicious, and our whole party was very happy with their breakfast.I had French toast, and syrup, and it was very very yummy!The atmosphere was also great. I would of liked to of tried Bills for dinner, but we didn't have enough time during our stay. Maybe next time :-)
We were greeted and quickly seated close to windows on small bar table (with 4 bar stools). Soft tacos and Turkey burger was good. The service was excellent including the waiter who was serving had great humor, energy and was friendly. The only thing I would say to not seat group of 4 near the window on bar stools and tiny round table/ We had ordered 4 dished and an appetizer and the whole food hardly fit on the table. We had to move some silverware and condiments on the shelf of window :) - the aisle area (our table and many other in that row) inside - beside the street window is NOT ideal for full lunch/dinner as its quite cramped (may be okay for two people). Also, the floor just beside the front row aisle row is quite uneven and all the bar stool rocks. Sorry going to that detail but I would like to have my lunch/dinner in non-rocking seating (if not chairs) without the feeling of falling off my dinner chairs - lol. The service and price is all good and you could be assured of great ambience. The washrooms in lower levels are cleaner and less crowded.
Bill's Bar was a great way to end our trip to NYC! Just up the street from the Radisson Hotel, we were quickly seated at a highchair table overlooking the street even though the restaurant was very busy. The staff were super-friendly and rapidly brought tap water, then beers. We both loved the classic burgers and fries, whilst marvelling that the guy opposite was demolishing five sliders and sides - an heroic achievement! We shared the huge cheesecake slice and can safely recommend this eatery as pure New York with committed and fun staff.
In this neighborhood, this is not a bad place, just a bit pricey for the size of portions. Tasty and decent attention by the wait staff. The atmosphere is pure New York City. Convenient to tourism.
Great burger bar, just off 5th avenue, perfect after a morning of sightseeing, such a busy area was great to find this place to enjoy a simple burger lunch. Good choice of burgers & toppings , drinks etc as you would expect in this sort of restaurant, bar too with TV screens showing sports from around the world including British football. Staff friendly & speedy service.
A great place for burgers: they are juicy, well balanced, of the right size, with a great taste. The fries are top as well.Efficient service, nice atmosphere, perfect location… this place has everything to deserve a 5 in its category.Will come back for sure!
We've tried Bill's Bar&Burger near Rockeffelar Center based on trip advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. The burgers are delicious, especially the jalapeño burger. The dish is not too large, just enough to fill your appetite. Also the waiters are very nice and fast. If you want to eat a perfect balanced american burger you should definitely try this place. 
great burgers ( I especially liked the sweet potato chips/fries ) but the star attractions for us were the milkshakes. We had been a little disappointed not to find a really good shake elsewhere in New York ( getting too health conscious perhaps ) but these were rich and creamy and generously proportioned. A great way to finish off a trip to the top of the Rock since this is just at the foot of the attraction. Very friendly staff and a lively atmosphere. 
5th or 6th time devouring the deliciousness known as Izakaya. Went with the wife and two of my boys this time so we were able to really flex and order up a lil feast. Kimchi cream udon - Heavenly shrimp dish. Don't ask questions. Just order it.Black Dynamite roll - Crunchy spicy tuna & avocado with the crab stick, and salmon roe lathered up in 3 sauces?!? My favorite roll. Once again, it crushed my expectations. Take all my money.Garlic Fried rice - delicious..but the egg was too hard this time! Slight bummer.Salmon Shashimi - served w/ avocado in this mini taco shell..slammin!Omu Soba - SO this was the dish I've been biding my time to try cuz it looks gigantic. Now that I had a squad we got it and LORD was it phenomenal! The sauteed Yakisoba noodles mixed with the pork and veggies topped with Bonita flakes and that sauce drizzled all over the omlette holding it all in place.. to die for!! Sweet, salty, meaty whirlwind of flavors. So good I almost forgot to take a pic.Only dessert I've ever gotten is the red bean ice cream with churros cuz why would you get anything else?? It was thru the roof, of course.Happy hour is undefeated. $15 pitchers of Sapporo can't be beat.
We heard it's hard to get into so turned up at 4.45pm and already a queue down the stairs into the basement. Good fun friendly hipstery place (we stood out as being quite old) that serves good reliable Japanese. We had the tempura prawns and veggies, salmon, gyoza etc- all nice. Happy hour has cheap beer, and the table next to us tried the frozen beer- ordinary beer with a frozen head- which looked fun. 
It is literally "hidden"- in a basement. Expect crowd and wait, you MUST have all of your party to be seated. Service is great-we have a Vegan at the table, the server was super knowledgeable and helpful, they even went out of their way to fix a special salad dressing- very impressive. Food is tasty (fish broth in Doen...) , and price is cheap based on Manhattan standard. Highly recommend! 
Had a really lovely meal with my husband tonight - he is pescatarian (eats fish) so didn't have a problem but I am completely vegetarian and it was a little more difficult. The staff were brilliant though and the food was delicious. Make sure you order the sesame watercress!
I came here with my wife for her birthday, and we were excited that this place had great reviews and wanted to dive in to some good food. The space is supposed to be like an industrial loft, but it's not clean. I get that they are going for a look, but leaving wet trash newspapers near the table made the space seem more like a alley than a loft. Service was decently fast, and attentive.Food was very hit or miss here, I ordered basically one thing off of every part of the menu, and some was good, other parts were quite terrible.Ordered1. Sashimi set - Decent fish, pretty good.2. Tuna Tataki - Unlike any I have had before, this place almost fully cooked the Tataki to the point it was rigid and like out of a can.3. Hotate Capriccio (scallop) - Good and fresh, (about the same I would expect at a kaiten place in Tokyo)4. Kara Age (chicken) - Very well cooked and tasty.5. Tempura set - Terrible. I have never had such flavorless and poor textured tempura. I've actually had frozen stuff that was heated in an oven that came out better than this. Hugely disappointing. 6. Kushi yaki (grilled skewers) - Very good. This one I would have ordered a second order if we already didn't have a bunch of food. Meatballs, thighs, breast, pork, it was all cooked almost perfectly, and had great flavor.7. Tuna Roll - Good, pretty standard.8. Aburi Tuna Nigiri - Well prepared with a mild sear on the tuna, very good actually, better than the Tuna Tataki was.
The place is definately an interesting shushi joint. It is clean and the service is excelent. Do try the salmon nigiri.
A very busy and happening Japanese restaurant. Very fast and friendly service, our food came out almost straight away. It was fresh, tasty and well portioned. We ordered approximately 5 dishes to share as a couple. Would definitely recommend and will certainly revisit in our next trip to New York. 
I was a bit hesitant about this restaurant as it was in the basement with no windows but the dining room was immaculate and the service was superb The menu was varied and freshly prepared. We enjoyed the shrimp appetizer and the miso and udon soups. The sushi was fresh and well prepared. The tuna entrée was very tasty too!
Saw great reviews on TA, so we decided to go there for dinner. It was kind of a cool entrance down to the restaurant. The decor is nice, the place is clean and service is pleasant and good. The ramen (we tried two kinds) were average. The broth was lacking depth. Poke is nothing special and yakitori, kind of bland. 
Best Japanaise restaurant i have ever met. Clean, not overprized, and really high quality fresh fish. I tried not only sushi and sashimi, but also other traditional japanaise food. Very very good! 
I'm not local, but I still think of their kimchi udon from time to time. The cravings are real. Def stop by if you get the chance.
As ever an amazing meal!Whenever in New York we always make a bee line to this special and very friendly restaurant. It is loved by the locals and there’s a reason why - the food is authentic, generous and absolutely delicious. A hidden treasure that is worth every penny. The sushi and Ramen are particularly fabulous.Thank you for another amazing dining experience. We will be back again next time!!
This place was hard to find, but it was totally worth the effort. It’s downstairs, with the entrance between 2 Korean restaurants. Place has a really cool vibe. It was only about 6:30pm and it was packed. Food was delicious. We had the yellowtail carpaccio and the hotate carpaccio. I also had the fatty tuna roll. My son had the grilled mackerel. Ended with their homemade tiramisu. This place seems like the kind of place only NY locals know about. It’s definitely a hidden gem and I’ll definitely be back.
This is very authentic with excellent food. The space is minimal and in a basement (cool). The air is filled with happy conversations and the menu is extensive. Nice sake and wine selection. They even have a frozen topped beer!. Not expensive with lots of options. Service is slow but that is because it is mobbed every night. No bar seating. A perfect K-town experience for locals or visitors
We loved the atmosphere by seeing more local people but not the tourists. The service was more than friendly and supported a lot by the delicious variety in the menu. That’s definitely a place to visit in future NY trips.
This little basement restaurant was packed at a midweek lunchtime with what appeared to be locals and office workers. I was pleased to find a “non-touristy” place that I felt provided good value. I had sashimi with seaweed salad, avocado and greens. It was served with a soup, and 2 mini side dishes- one was an Asian flavored macaroni salad, and the other was what I think was tuna- a couple of bites. That with a glass of wine made for a satisfying lunch. Worth seeking out.
I am so glad I discovered Mew A few years back. I was looking for a place that local Japanese went to that would not break the bank and had a few dishes that I really would love. Dishes like Ramen of course and Gyudon, and various small salads like Goma Ae (watercress) and the pork dish Buta Miso Itame! having spent years living in Tokyo I just wanted a place to take me back that is casual and authentic but still New York!! MEW DELIVERS for me every time!
My first meal with my wife while visiting New York. Don't let the dark basement setting put you off - food and service was excellent. Really top notch. Huge range of sushi, grilled food - Sapporo on draft. A warning - go early because it packs up quickly. We had to wait 20 minutes for a table. Popular with locals and visitors...
This cool place lays down a basement from the street, we probably walked past it 2 or 3 times before we found the door (its dark and barely visible tucked in between two other places). The atmosphere is youthful and loud and make you feel like you have found a cool place usually only the locals know about. The food is very good and tasteful, perfect for lunch or a relaxed night out when you want to grab something easy. If you only have a few days in NY I would skip it as dinner, but definitely make it for lunch at least! 
I had passed the door to this little basement gem dozens of times without knowing it was there. To my good fortune, I used the TripAdvisor App to find a local restaurant and made my way there. A large menu with many choices. Everything we ordered was wonderful, from the warm sake to the hot pot to the skewers to the sushi.
An amazing find just around the corner from Macy's. We wanted sushi and decided to use trip advisor to find a great place near where we were. Izakaya scored highly so we decided to give it a try. We knew it opened at 6 so thought we would try and get there a bit earlier. Arriving at 5.45 there were already 6 tables ahead of us. At 5.55 everyone was seated in order of arrival and by 6pm the restaurant was full. People were queuing from then til the time we left just after 7.30. We noticed there were many locals as well as Japanese people eating here so we knew it was going to be good. Located down stairs in a basement. The decor is really industrial modern with funky lighting and utilitarian benches and tables of repurposed wood on metal frames. The servers were efficient and friendly refilling water and other drinks regularly and bringing crockery and accompaniments for all of us to share each dish. The atmosphere was really busy and loud with the amount of people chatting and enjoying their meal which we liked. The food was fabulous. We decided to go for sushi and tempura. We ordered a selection of different sushi rolls and sashimi all presented on a simple rectangle platter with hot wasabi (not like you get in chain restaurants) and pickled ginger. It looked amazing and tasted just as good. I would highly recommend the asparagus roll with salmon and roe. The yellowtail tuna rolls were also very good. The children decided to try a dessert and sampled green tea ice cream and churros. The ice cream was an interesting flavour they liked it but weren't sure about the taste!We have been to several restaurants around the world. This was by far the best sushi we've had. Overall the experience was excellent with great staff and brilliant atmosphere. We will return when we are next in NYC and will be recommending to others. Thanks for a great last evening meal in the Big Apple!
A great place but very busy with locals. We got there at 6:15 and had to wait over an hour for a table. Worth every minute. Very loud with a young clientele. Food was fabulous, go and wait for a table - you won't regret it. Very nice staff.
We were lucky enough to have this gem over the road from our hotel, but it's quite difficult to spot, we walked past it twice as it's just a door with no signage from the street and you have to go down to the basement.On hearing the place gets super busy we turned up at 6pm and got seated immediately but as we left at about 6.40 there were already lots of people waiting to be seated in the bar area.Service is lightening fast! Our orders were taken very quickly, food appeared almost immediately. We had Sushi and frozen beer! The sushi was great and considering it's New York and the place is so popular it was really reasonably priced. The setting is informal and laid back, quite trendy but friendly and looked to be full of locals rather than tourists which always speaks volumes!We wanted to have lunch here too before we left New York but sadly it was closed on weekend afternoons. Would definitely recommend if you're a fan of Japanese cuisine. Was really impressed by the choice in the menu, we visited Tokyo earlier in the year and we recognised lots of things that we've never seen on offer outside Japan on the menu!
Great little find on my first trip to NYC! Locals seem to fill this place from opening to close. I ate here twice during my trip. Though I don't feel sushi/sashimi are their strong points, the udon bowls, yakitori and deep-fried items like the Takoyaki (octopus balls) are outstanding! Service is also prompt and atmosphere is comfortable and very sociable. Great tunes on the vinyl turntable while having Kirin frozen beers and Gyoza or Edamame to snack on.
OMG this restaurant takes me back to Tokyo. It's hard to find. I stood outside looking for it for 5 min. It's downstairs into a basement. Very busy but filled with 90 % Japanese and Koreans. Great ambiance. Lots of small plates and sushi. Reasonably priced and great food. I had salmon onigiri - a rice ball which I used to eat as street food in Akasaka. Deep fried squid legs and grilled mackerel all just perfect. Some interesting white ale. Japanese local beer. This is a real experience wanna come back soon. 
We arrived for lunch without reservation. Only needed to wait 15 minutes, even though the place was full. Amazing food and the service was super. We can really recommend the cocktails, which are freshly made. 
One of our favorite places when we come to the City. The sushi is so fresh. In addition to rolls, we had the Tuna Tataki and Gyoza and both were amazing. This is a hopping place and the staff and service are wonderful. 
A friend recommended this restaurant. Almost didn’t find it, as you need to go down from the street level by the stairs. Waiting time was fine, 15 minutes. And. Was so much worth it.Had tuna tataki, several Susi rolls, a variety of sashimi. Was to hungry and forgot to take some pictures. All was so fresh and delicious. Service was great, although felt like they are pushing us to finish our dinner as the waiting line was long.
I went here with a reservation for 3 adults at 5:00 when they opened on a Sun eve. Small place in the basement, but had a huge variety and top quality of food and service! The garlic rice was perfectly done and spiced, the Zuke Salmon Don was very fresh and the Kimchi Cream Udon was so creamy and perfectly cooked! We also had the cold eggplant special which was very good. We also had a Sexy Roll and we all loved it. The Tuna Tataki was so fresh and melted in your mouth! Service here was quick and they are very attentive. We were in and out in less than an hour, but never felt rushed. Can't wait to go back when I'm in the city again!!
A favorite of my sister. Located between 2 Korean restaurants. There is a narrow doorway leading you downstairs to a young & cool vibe. Service is fast - sushi is fresh and all flavors/texture, perfect! Enjoyed a variety of dishes and happy hour wine. A delicious beginner, Tuna Dome. Very reasonably priced - loved this!. Plan to arrive early (betw 5-6pm) for no-line and happy hour. Enjoy!!
If you aren't careful, you can easily miss the entrance to Izakaya Mew on the north side of West 35th. The "door" is almost invisible between two other businesses. Once through it you head downstairs into a lively, funky space that proves to be a lot of fun. There's a more-or-less full bar serving drinks, beer, wine and sake. We enjoyed several dishes from the very large menu including some sushi, a roll, yellowtail carpaccio, and the Mew chicken, crispy, sweet and sour. Everything was fresh and very tasty. Although we didn't try it, the ramen at the table next to us looked great, and next time we'll certainly try some of the grilled items. Mew is worth hunting for.
Delicious, fresh, unique and so reasonably priced! Had the salmon farm bowl - so good and healthy! Definitely recommended!
Read the reviews and had to try it for myself. While the decor is kind of "uber-shabby chic," the food is amazing! The sushi was fresh, beautifully presented and unbelievably delicious! For those who won't eat sushi, they have fried rice and other entrees for you. Had saki after dinner and really enjoyed it. Dining room is loud, though, so be prepared for that.
We arrived to a very long wait list but we were sat after an hour. The sushi was well worth the wait. We ordered sashimi, which was very fresh and the tori Karaage, fried chicken, which was really good. We then ordered a selection of sushi rolls which were great tasting too. Good value for money
Just excellent, nice place, good vibes, the food is delicious and fish is really fresh. One of the best places.
Probably for the best that this place is tough to find even with the Google Sat Nav on. Crazy busy restaurant - you can’t book a table so stick your name in the waiting list and download Yelp - they let you know where you are in the line - there were a couple of bars nearby in which to pass the time.The restaurant itself is tiny but lively and buzzing with voices and activity, I also like how they don’t even place a knife or fork - use the chopsticks for the Japanese experience.The dumpling starters were fresh and tasty with excellent dips, ramen for main was also fresh and excellent leaving us pretty full after starters and mains. ForMidtown Manhattan - so reasonably priced - had we been staying for longer we would have certainly gone back.Go here if you want cheap quality food (who doesn’t) and like, or want to try, Japanese or East Asian cuisine. We will go back and find it again. 
Great food! Great service! Reasonably priced - espec for NYC, and also in comparison to 2 other pricey sushi joints we tried on other nights. Awesome selection, and all of the sushi was very fresh, and obviously brought right out to the table from the kitchen. What should have been hot was piping hot -- just the way we like it ----- But talking about "hot" - our only issue was that it was really hot inside the restaurant, and we were literally and very uncomfortably sweating the entire meal. Must be like that a lot as we noticed some of the servers wearing t-shirts with the sleeves torn off. Kind of disappointing as it was really hot outside and we were anxious to eat in air conditioned comfort, but that wasn't the case. Still, the food was good, and for that we'd probably go back - but I did subtract one star for the (lack of) AC,
Found the restaurant almostby accidwnt.Popped-in, added my party on the waiting list and then the great start .The staff was super frowny and helpful. Despite the long waiting list it took us about 20 min maximum to get seated and perfectly accommodated.Food is amazing!!!Fresh, very tasty and so nicely prepared.No way you won't enjoy it.Will visit again for sure next time in NYC
We had travelled from the UK to meet our friends from New York when we came across Izakaya Mew on trip advisor. After walking past a couple of times we finally found it at 5pm with a queue already forming. We turned to look at each other and said “this is going to be good”Stairs lead down to a basement restaurant with a really cool vibe. Bench style seating and sharing tables give it a minimalistic Japanese feel.The staff here are wonderful, friendly, and offer great suggestions! A little cheer as new people enter the restaurant we’re later told is a common Japanese welcome and really gives the place its buzz. The restaurant opens at 5pm and by 5.30pm there’s barely an empty table in sight. You could say this is partly down to the $4 sake at happy hour but I think it’s because of the food!Meals are prepared fresh, the sushi is the best we’ve ever eaten. I’d highly recommend the Mew special rolls and the gyozas. We ordered salmon rolls, gyozas, Salmon sashimi, yellowtail carpaccio, edamame and Raman among other things. The food was so good and we were having such a great time that we reordered more. By me end we’d got through three separate plates of gyozas, each one tasting better than the next! After eating ourselves, and drinking sake to our limits, we were even more pleasantly surprised by the bill. Exceptionally reasonable prices for something that was so fresh and beautiful, really was the icing on the cake! We hope to be back before we return home to the UK and I know our friends from New York will be sure to return when they’re back in the city!Highly recommended, a true hidden gem not far from 5th Avenue really makes you wonder why people bother with the other tourist trap, low quality meals that other eateries offer. This is a cut above the rest! Now can you open a restaurant in the UK, we’ve yet to find sushi that good at home!
The restaurant is playing loud hiphop-music, which I do not like. However, when you’re with good company that does not matter anymore. The staff was really friendly and helpful. We are sure to say that Izakaya Mew has the best sushi we have ever had. The food was fresh and well made. Also, the gyoza is a real must-have.
Vi var i NY i 7 dage og spiste her to af aftnerne. Maden var virkelig virkelig god og kom rigtig hurtigt efter man havde bestilt. Vi fik både sushi, udonnudler, grillet corn med miso, tuntartar og edemamebønner.Servicen var også rigtig god og personalet var smilende og imødekommende. Den sidste aften ventede vi dog 30-40 minutter, men vi fik en drink i deres bar, og havde god tid til at udforske menukortet.Stedet var fyldt med asiatere 90% af gæsterne, hvilket vidner om, at dette sted er oppe og spille superliga i autencitetsniveau. Virkelig et besøg værd! Dog spiller de forfærdeligt mainstream popmusik, såsom Nicki Minaj, JayZ og Kanye West. Havde jeg været DJ, havde jeg nok spillet noget lidt mindre obnoxious musik - havde det været i København, var kunderne flygtet grundet musikken. Det er for middelmådigt og ødelægger stemningen. Derudover er akustikken rædselsfuld, som i at du ikke kan føre en samtale uden du skal råbe til hinanden - og stedet har ikke WiFi. Dog var maden og betjeningen så god, at vi stadig giver stedet 5 stjerner.
Restaurant style Japonais revisité, très bien. Service impeccable . Nous sommes venus en famille et avons tous appréciés . Je recommande vivement .
Durante il nostro soggiorno a New York abbiamo scoperto questo locale perché di fianco all’hotel in cui alloggiavamo. Siamo rimasti a bocca aperta appena entrati, locale caratteristico, personale giovane e molto gentile.Dopo mezz’ora di attesa (non avevamo prenotato) ci fanno accomodare e sul tavolo già due bicchieri d’acqua. Ordiniamo ed i piatti, molto abbondanti, arrivano subito. L’acqua non si paga e ti riempiono il bicchiere ogni volta che lo finisci, un miraggio a New York. Prezzi moderati e cibo asiatico ottimo.Complimenti ragazzi
A friend recommended this restaurant. Almost didn’t find it, as you need to go down from the street level by the stairs. Waiting time was fine, 15 minutes. And. Was so much worth it.Had tuna tataki, several Susi rolls, a variety of sashimi. Was to hungry and forgot to take some pictures. All was so fresh and delicious. Service was great, although felt like they are pushing us to finish our dinner as the waiting line was long.
Easy to miss the entrance to this basement restaurant - but very glad we found it. Great sushi, and a fantastic, bustling lunchtime atmosphere.
Excellent restaurant japonais. Carpaccios, ramens,… sont exquis. L’adresses est à 2 pas de l’Empire State building et est très populaire (réservation obligatoire). Le seul bémol : le restaurant est situé au sous sol et n’a pas de fenêtre sur l’extérieur.
Lite svårt att hitta till denna pärla. Bara en liten oansenlig skylt ovanför en källaringång. Miljön i den fullsatta lokalen en söndagkväll är stimmig och filmisk. Serveringspersonalen ler hela tiden och fyller på vattenglasen innan de är slut. Maten var fantastiskt god och till väldigt rimliga priser. Klart bästa matupplevelsen efter en vecka i NYC.
Restaurant qui est situé en sous-sol donc il faut bien chercher pour le trouver !Large choix mais ce que nous avons pris excellent !Sushi, tartare de thon, …. Nous l’avons fait 2 fois et validé les deux fois.A recommander !
Best find of our week long stay in NYC! Husband had the Una Don and my garlick chicken was delicious! Would definitely recommend this place.
Great food, great service, great drinks. We had our first night dinner of a 5 days holiday in NY at Izakaya and as the service and food was so great we came again. Sushi, dumplings and salads where really awesome. We can only recommend the place.
So this place: the food is still as good as I remember and it was packed with people. I gave it a 3 because of the following: 1) was not greeted very welcoming, it was more like “we will do you the favor of seating you if we can” treatment. No matter how successful you are that’s not the right attitude at 8:45pm, I know you want to go home but it shouldn’t be obvious to your customers. We walked several blocks in the rain to eat there. Next, I ordered 3 starters and was pressed to submit the complete order and told “last call is at 9:20 just so you are aware”. Rushed, so I ordered. My main dish arrived on 5-7 minutes (the roll was cool, clearly already prepared based on delivery speed but ok) still no appetizers. Not good. Staff was telling other customers the same thing, “order soon as we are closing”. The staff was furiously clearing tables around us and meanwhile we ran out of water!! Had to ask for water and then my appetizers appeared. Was still chewing when I was pressed for dessert and given my check. Food is good but not THAT good. Can’t see going back
Excellent restaurant located down a flight of stairs in a basement Busy spot with lots of young people , i imagine it is always busy so book a tableGreat staff and service was quick considering the restaurant was full Everything we ate was delicious and would definitely return the next time i am in NY !
We had a great time here! My favorite thing was the tofu. Service was a bit slow but that’s just because they were so busy. Popularity is a curse I suppose!
Comida japonesa de calidad, restaurante bullicioso bajando unas escaleras, está realmente escondido, pero vale la pena buscarlo. Recomendable 100%
A wet Thursday night and this place was packed. I waited 20 minutes for a table and the food came quickly. Sashimi, rice, tofu and watercress salad - all quite tasty and good value.
Un mio cugino newyorkese mi ci aveva portato 5 anni fa, e da quella volta tutte le volte che sono stata a NY per piacere o per lavoro, ci torno molto volentieri. Si mangia bene, si spende il giusto (poco per la città) ed è forse l’unico posto a midtown non turistico!Stupenda sensazione!!!
We used eat here on our first night in NYC and in the past 8 years it was always excellent. During the last couple of months we noticed a steady decline, especially in the taste of the food. What once was en par with the food we know from our trips to Japan is now just nothing special anymore, still good but not great. Hope it will get better and we just catched some bad days.
Good was amazing and concept of sharing plates(tapas) was awesome to taste many options. Everything we tasted was great and even my 8years old thought it was delicious
Frozen kirins are unique and worth a try, but wouldn’t order again. Just frozen beer that taste like the head of beer and difficult to drink. Still love the idea. Service prompt, ambiance on point. No complaints. Cannot get dinner menu at lunch so be aware when you go. Small signage to a basement doesn’t look for the flag.
Comida japonesa muy buena y con variedad, no sólo lo típico. El servicio es bueno y hay mucho ambiente (también los camareros contribuyen haciendo bromas). Los precios no son tan caros, comparados con la calidad de la comida, como en otros sitios de New York. La única pega es que es muy difícil reservar y si van sin reserva tienes que esperar en un sitio minúsculo donde hace muchísimo aire, junto a un montón de gente que también está esperando y riders que vienen a recoger comida.
Restaurant en sous-sol avec une grande salle à la déco branchée agrémentée d’une bonne musique. Serveurs sympathiques.Très bons plats. Mention spéciale pour les desserts maison : excellents (cheesecake et tiramisu)Attention : c’est très fréquenté mais on peut quand même y manger en étant sur liste d’attente.
Dégoûtée… nous y étions allés il y a 6 ans. La nourriture est toujours excellente mais le service est en dessous de tout!!!! Réservation prise en ligne à 21h. Je précise que nous étions à l’heure et avons même attendu 5 min d’être placés. On nous a expédiés vite fait mal fait, il fallait déguerpir avant 22h! Le dessert est déposé sur la table avec les entrées et les plats principaux. Et quand on demande une explication lorsque la note est agitée avec insistance devant notre nez, on nous répond « oh… sorry for that… » super anniversaire de mariage gâché
Les sushis sont hyper goûteux avec un mélange assez équilibré entre les sauces et le poisson : c’est pas simple de le faire pour ne pas perdre le côté « frais » du sushi. Beaucoup de choix de sushis avec l’avocat. Les plats chaud aussi sont bons d’ailleurs.
So so so noisy we checked it and it was between 80 and 90 decibels The cocktails are good the food so so the tuna was very thick and not very easy to cut
Service and food quality were excellent. Great vibe, especially for young people. My only complaints are that the acoustics are terrible, thus amplifying the music. My other minor complaint is that there is no pacing here, but it's a plus if you're in a hurry since the food is prepared exceedingly fast but brought out as soon as it's ready. Very efficient, especially if you need to get somewhere. Reservations are a must! Our reservation was for 5:00 pm when they opened and the tables were full in no time. If you want a hip vibe with great service and food, check it out. However, if you want an intimate, quiet conversation go to Hangawi which is wonderful for asian (Korean) food, too
If you love Sushi you have to visit this place, excellent service, nice decoration and most important food is delicious!
My first night in new york on holiday. Looing for somewhere closeby our hotel to eat. Never had Japanese food so I was dubious. With an amazing welcome and the food was incredible. Of all the places to eat we ate here twice. Cannot recommend this any more the staff are super friendly, welcoming and helpful!
Nascosto tra altri ristoranti, si scende una ripida scala e ci si ritrova in un ristorante caotico e pieno di gente. Il servizio è veloce, i cameriri sono molto disponibili. I piatti sono eccellenti. Unico neo, chiudeva la cucina alle 21.30....
Ottima cena in questo ristorante coreano. Il locale non è semplice da trovare in quanto è tra due ristoranti coreani e per arrivarci bisogna prendere una porticina e scendere le scale. Scese le scale il posto è magnifico. La maggior parte delle persone che mangiavano erano coreani e il cibo davvero squisito. Abbiamo preso tre kimchi Cream Udon, un miso ramen, un mochi icecrem, un tiramisù, una birra, un drink alla mela. Totale in 4 persone: 25$ più mancia. Ci tornerei subito
We went without reservation as we didn’t succeed to make it either online or by calling them.Food is delicious, normal quantities, nice people reasonable prices for NYC Overall experience was very good
Very friendly welcome. I was surprised by the variation in quality. Yellowtail carpaccio was not carpaccio in the sense I would recognize, thickly sliced (0.5 cm?) fish with some onions and ?lime juice. Perfectly tasty but not skillfully made IMO. The two winter specials, tempura lotus root with minced shrimp, and grilled miso eggplant with scallops and ginkgo nuts, were both spectacular and I wanted more, just no room. Cocktail special not to my taste. Would definitely go back and focus on the cooked dishes.
Hard to find the location (a tiny door with a discrete mew sign) but once you get down the stairs you are warmly welcomed in a noisy yet dynamic atmosphere.The food is great, the restaurant specials are amazing. Won’t be deceived neither by the food nor by the helpful team !
Il faut être attentif à l’approche du numéro 53 car on peut vite passer à côté du restaurant. Il n’y a pas de vitrine ou de devanture mais un panneau posé à terre indiquant que le restaurant se trouve en sous-sol.A l’arrivée, très bon accueil. La carte est large mais il y a des photos pour chaque plat, ce qui est très pratique.Nous avons choisi plusieurs plats que nous avons partagés (rolls / tacos / tataki …). Tout était vraiment excellent et le service rapide.Seul petit bémol, la musique qui était forte et il était difficile de s’entendre.L’addition était raisonnable.Je conseille ce restaurant pour celles et ceux qui aiment les rolls et veulent découvrir d’autres plats/saveurs.
Difficilissimo da scovare essendo situato in fondo a una scala nascosto tra i palazzi. locale rumoroso e servizio non indimenticabile, con camerieri piuttosto scortesi. ad ogni modo sushi di ottima qualità con il vantaggio di non lasciargli un rene al momento del conto (essendo a NYC). trovato per caso, ci siamo tornati piu volte durante il soggiorno. promosso!
Amazing restaurant We love all the dishes Izakaya Mew. Sashimi salmon tacos, tartare sushi, dynamit, edamame, corn tripl AAA
I went here with a reservation for 3 adults at 5:00 when they opened on a Sun eve. Small place in the basement, but had a huge variety and top quality of food and service! The garlic rice was perfectly done and spiced, the Zuke Salmon Don was very fresh and the Kimchi Cream Udon was so creamy and perfectly cooked! We also had the cold eggplant special which was very good. We also had a Sexy Roll and we all loved it. The Tuna Tataki was so fresh and melted in your mouth! Service here was quick and they are very attentive. We were in and out in less than an hour, but never felt rushed. Can't wait to go back when I'm in the city again!!
Lively atmosphere and a good ‘buzz’. Attractive food options, quick service and good (for NYC) prices. I would certainly go again.
Great place that is located in the basement... reasonably priced, nice place, efficient staff... great food... what more can you ask for? 
Fuimos a este restaurante saliendo de la visita del Empire State, el lugar es un poco escondido hay una puerta y bajas a un sótano. Esperamos como media hora porque el lugar estaba lleno, pero valió la pena, todo lo que pedimos estaba muy rico, lo más deli fueron los rollos.Buen servicio, nos atendieron bien, lo único que no me gustó es que la música estaba muy alta y el restaurante lleno con la platica de todos en un sótano era un poco ruidoso.La comida muy bien!!
Hole in the wall restaurant with a tasty Japanese menu. Note the address as it is tricky to find. Enjoyed the shishito peppers, gyoza, gyu don and yaki udon. Great meal with 2 drinks for $60.
Amassing Restaurant, from entrees to cocktails and desserts, this place is all about great food, outstanding service and really nice experience. Definitely a must for Asian food lovers!
Ninguna queja de la comida, estuvo bastante bien y a la altura. De hecho nos llamó mucho la atención la gran cantidad de japoneses, cosa que suele ser muy buena.Pero al entrar al lugar, literalmente en un sótano, bajo el nivel de la calle principal y con el asunto de la Pandemia, digamos que hizo muy incómoda la estadía en ese lugar.Los meseros muy atentos y diligentes, amables el ambiente muy encerrado para mi gusto, y no soy para nada claustrofóbica. 
I ordered their Sushi New special roll, Dynamite roll and Omusoba. It was pretty good. Tasted nice... 
6 years later, and the creamy kimchi udon is still good as ever! Could have used more shrimp (there was only one) but it's definitely not a dealbreaker. I ordered via GrubHub for takeout. I got there a bit early but my order was still finished before the quoted time frame. They have indoor dining and separated partitions, and they take temperatures, but I'm still not comfortable doing indoor dining, so I just got it for pick-up. This time, we had the kalbi, tan shio (beef tongue), katsudon rice with chicken, and Mew special roll. The kalbi was flavorful and tender (for the most part). It came with some cabbage and a side salad, so that was nice. On the other hand, the beef tongue was pretty chewy and it was pretty bland. The katsudon was good - no complaints there. It was nice to have some of that rice with the kalbi. Mew special roll is another go-to but for take-out, it isn't as good because I think the heat from the seared salmon ended up cooking it the rest of the way. I'm glad this place survived the pandemic because I need to come back again for that creamy kimchi udon!
Just amazing sushi, atmosphere and the service was impeccable. Wasn't expecting much, but got the best I've had in a long long time. Strongly recommend.
No trip to Manhattan is complete without Izakaya MEW. Hidden gem off the beaten path. I absolutely love everything about it. We got lucky tonight for no wait, but would have gladly waited an hour.
Très belle soirée ! Service impeccable, rapide et sympathique.Carte variée et les prix restent raisonnables.L’accès se fait par une porte noire, puis descendre l’escalier...
Heerlijk gegeten in een restaurant dat je echt moet zoeken. Trap naar beneden en dan zit zaak vol.Lekker gegeten en aardige bediening.
Loved this place. On holiday for 5 days and the family decided we should try sushi that day. This was our venue of choice and it didn’t disappoint. Lots of dishes ordered and all delicious. The matcha tiramisu is an acquired taste but I only tried it because it was there! Would thoroughly recommend it but get there early to avoid queues.
Super expérience ! Très bon, très rapide, super service, excellente cuisine ultra fraiche. Prix très correct. Kimshi, tempuras, noodles, poulet frit, sashimis, sushis étaient extra. Un tout petit peu d’attente à l’entrée (mais c’est la rançon du succès), mais la cuisine et le mieux valent vraiment le coup. Nous y sommes allés 3 fois dans la semaine. Pour 2 adultes et 2 adolescent, pour le dîner du soir les notes allaient de 100 à 120 $ ... et plus personne n’avait faim en sortant. Excellente adresse. 
It’s a bit loud inside, look closely to find the entrance. Hands down the best sushi I’ve had in years. 
Often when your in New York the hardest thing about going out for dinner is deciding which restaurant to choose.. just so many options and choices! Well if like me you love Sushi & want a restaurant with a lively atmosphere that feels like your part of the in crowd then Izakaya Mew is THE place to go to.. We only had to wait 15 mins on a Tuesday night at 20:00 an it was getting busier and vibrant as we sat down to eat.. the service was fast and superb and the food quality really was excellent! The value for money was wonderful for NYC and for the first time ever here actually was surprised at the amount on the bill - I really would highly recommend searching out this wonderful restaurant!!
夜は居酒屋ですが、ランチタイムに定食が食べられる和食レストランです。現金のみの支払いですので利用される方は注意されて下さい。
Lekkere sushi en een gezellige sfeer. Prijs/kwaliteit is erg goed. Centraal gelegen, naast 5th avenue (het zit een beetje verstopt) 
I went here with a good friend who lives in Manhattan. He suggested we go here, since it was very good - according to him.When we arrived the place was packed! Good that we had a reservation. The food was amazing, I think we ordered about 10 different dishes to share.. not if, but when I go back to NYC, this will most definitely be on my list!! I didn't think is was expensive at all. For what we paid, we had an amazing meal!
Ristorante sempre pienissimo, cibo ottimo, prezzi onesti! Siamo tornati due volte per quanto si mangi bene. Unica pecca c’è un sacco di rumore, ma per la bontà dei piatti ne vale la pena! Ambiente giovanile e moderno. Stupendo 
Great food and service. Snd you really can’t beat that price in this part of town!I was here on my own but atmosphere was good too!Will definitely be back when in town. 
Carta piuttosto varia e non limitata al solo sushi. Che peraltro merita per l'ottima qualità del pesce. Siamo stati piacevolmente sorpresi dal "kimchi cream udon", porzione abbondante e davvero gustosa. Il locale, anche se è sotto il livello stradale, è ben arredato. COME TROVARLO - Nelle foto di TripAdvisor viene indicata la porta di accesso. Per arrivarci si può uscire dall'uscita NW 35th dalla metro Herald Sq. 34th (linee arancione e gialla). Proseguite sul lato di strada dell'Hilton. Due porte dopo siete arrivati a destinazione. 
Probé de 5 platillos con dos frías jarras de cerveza y todo delicioso, servicio bueno en general, solo nos toco esperar media hora (ahí se fue una jarra🍻) para que nos tocara mesa, pero normal en NY. No duden en visitar este restaurante. Nota. Esta algo escondido, para que busquen bien.
We got in just after opening and, despite the fact that most tables were empty, couldn’t be seated because we were waiting for one person to join us.Friendly - if chaotic - service with many different people helping our table. Happy hour drinks are very affordable and the wine selection is reasonable - hot or cold saki is also an option. Sushi is good but not outrageously so. Bathrooms are small and crowded + odd.
A favorite of my sister. Located between 2 Korean restaurants. There is a narrow doorway leading you downstairs to a young & cool vibe. Service is fast - sushi is fresh and all flavors/texture, perfect! Enjoyed a variety of dishes and happy hour wine. A delicious beginner, Tuna Dome. Very reasonably priced - loved this!. Plan to arrive early (betw 5-6pm) for no-line and happy hour. Enjoy!!
If you aren't careful, you can easily miss the entrance to Izakaya Mew on the north side of West 35th. The "door" is almost invisible between two other businesses. Once through it you head downstairs into a lively, funky space that proves to be a lot of fun. There's a more-or-less full bar serving drinks, beer, wine and sake. We enjoyed several dishes from the very large menu including some sushi, a roll, yellowtail carpaccio, and the Mew chicken, crispy, sweet and sour. Everything was fresh and very tasty. Although we didn't try it, the ramen at the table next to us looked great, and next time we'll certainly try some of the grilled items. Mew is worth hunting for.
Ожидание около часа. Шумно. В подвале. Но это того стоит! Роллы и дамплингы очень вкусные. Быстрое обслуживание. Принимают карты оплаты. Вернёмся ещё. 
Perfect sushi and excellent service, no reservation on a Saturday but they offered a table in 20 min.
Via tripadvisor dit restaurant uitgekozen. Eenmaal aangekomen op locatie moet je goed kijken, want het zit aardig verstopt. Je moet door een groene deur een trap naar beneden af. Maar als je beneden bent wordt je aangenaam verrast. Onder aan deze trap tref je een leuk ingerichte kelder waar het gezellig druk is. Reserveren is helaas geen optie, maar wij moesten 40 minuten wachten. Persoonlijk vind ik het het wachten waard. Personeel is vriendelijk en doen alles om het naar je zin te maken. Bij een volgend bezoek aan NY komen wij zeker terug! 
Very good quality food. I got the oyster ramen and the broth was light and tasty. The ambiance is quite good for couples. Prices are reasonable. It’s hard to find in the basement. 
Lovely place and atmosphere! Always a pleasure eating here :) I can't wait to come back and stuff my face with more.
Delicious, fresh, unique and so reasonably priced! Had the salmon farm bowl - so good and healthy! Definitely recommended!
Izakaya Mew is located on 35th Street, within blocks of Macys, Penn Station, and the Empire State Building. The entrance is barely noticeable. Lodged between other restaurants, the entrance is marked only by a very small sign adjacent the door, which merely opens to a very unimpressive stares into a basement. Do not be fooled - the restaurant far exceeds its entrance. Small, crowded, and noisy, but for a very simple reason - the food delivers. Which is why the restaurant thrives with an entrance that attracts no one. Delicious gzoza dumplings, sashimi, sushi, and more. We tried 6 different sushi rolls and all were outstanding, as were the appetizers. Two items of caution. First, the bathrooms are rather simple - don't expect much. Second, the restaurant does not take reservations. Dinner hours start at 5PM and the line will be up the stairs by then. Come by 5PM or use their Yelp listing to get on their wait list. There are happy hour drink specials 5-6PM. We arrived at 4:45PM and we were first to be seated, barely. We left at 6:15PM - the restaurant was full and lots of people were waiting to be seated. Prices are moderate and the restaurant is very casual. Will surely dine here again.
Perfecto ! Muy buena comida japonesa. Relación precio calidad muy bueno , sushis , sashimis y rolls increíbles ! Fuimos a cenar y después a almorzar , excelente atención y platos de primera calidad , está bastante escondido entre dos restaurantes orientales , solo una puerta sobre 34 Street que te lleva a un sótano muy acogedor y bien decorado Súper recomendable!!!
We visited on a Monday night at 7:30 and were lucky to get a table - for good reason. We had two spicy rolls that were roll your eyes delicious! Each piece was luscious and beautifully crafted. We also ordered fried octopus that, unfortunately, was over-breaded and tough. But the rolls were superb. The service was attentive and prompt.The restaurant is a little hard to find - a simple dark doorway that leads downstairs. But by all means, go!
We passed the door down to this place twice but glad we kept looking. Almost didn’t wait for seats (had to wait 40 mins) but the food was worth it for the price point. Nice ice beer, the rolls were well executed & the fried noodles wrapped in fried eggs with Bonita flakes was outstanding (looked Iike it was alive!) kids & picky GF spouse loved it & walked out under $110 for 5 (which is great for NYC). lunch at Whole Foods for the clan was $75 for the hot bar!This is a solid 2 thumbs up if you like Asian food
What a spot! We enjoyed a delicious Asian meal here on a Tuesday night and we were blown away.To get there, hit 35th at 6th (go east). Once you pass the Hilton Garden Inn, you will see a few Korean/Asian places on your left. Between them is a narrow stairwell that leads you down to this little gem. If you don't get there RIGHT AT opening you will wait in line. The first thing we noticed was how many Asian patrons there were, which lead us to believe we were getting the real deal. Second, the menus came and we were both immediately overwhelmed by all of the options. I had no idea what 90% of it was but it all looked and sounded delicious. I got a sushi special which was magnificent and my wife got a stir fry dish and added udon noodles. I almost hurt myself because I didn't know when to stop eating! We left satiated and happy. It was quite the experience that I recommend to anyone who thinks they love Asian food. This is a whole different level.Hint... Arrive at 530 so you can get a table. Don't expect quiet because this isn't the spot for it. Everyone is enjoying their food after (mostly) a hard day's work nearby. 
First let's start with the bad things:- You will have a long waiting to be seated (we afforded to make shopping at a nearby Gap store during our waiting time).- The place is noisy- The menu has so many great options you will find trouble to pick your selection.That being said, the pluses infinitely outweight tthe minuses. The food is really, really great, most dishes of this extensive menu are priced between US$ 9 and US$ 11, which will make you choose several options, and you will probably leave very stuffed and completely happy. Service is warm and efficient, food comes quickly.Did I mention the delicious Kirin beer with frozen foam?Definitely the best meal we had in our stay in New York, deserves to be a TA top 20 in whole New York as it is at this moment.P.S. watch out because this place is in a basement acessible from an almos invisible door, a truly hidden treasure.
I was looking for a good place to grab dinner on a Tuesday night after a dance class and found out about Izakaya Mew via trip advisor/yelp. Unfortunately I was in NYC for work and knew that I'd need to pull out my laptop during dinner and get a few things done. It's never fun to be the one in a restaurant alone on your laptop, but the only alternative is eating take out alone in a hotel room... The servers at Izakaya Mew were wonderful and didn't make me feel crazy for wanting to eat dinner there alone while working. My server answered my questions about the menu, gave me her recommendations, and the food arrived quickly and was delicious! In fact, I liked the whole experience so much that I went back the next night after another dance class! The second night I sat at the bar, which was a little bit drafty, but worked just fine for what I needed.
Izakaya Mew is located amidst the abundant Korean restaurants that populate the street. From the front, Izakaya Mew looks deceivingly underwhelming, only a glass door with a staircase going down.Once you're inside, it's a whole different story. We are talking about real food here, speakeasy style. Located underground and not well-known to Manh tourists of the city, Izakaya Mew is a cosy place perfect for those who want to enjoy the Japanese delicacy. I ordered Miso Ramen with extra char shiu and it was superbly delicious.The ambience is lovely, having that kind of hipster-y slash contemporary style to it. The next time you're looking for a good Japanese restaurant, this is the place to go!
Was looking forward to this as we are huge fans of all the fun and food we've had at Hagi so it was nice to have another option closer to Penn Station. Sadly we just weren't fans and really giving it the "average" rating due to the large space and nice service.We went midweek and it was still a wait so this place is definitely hoppin! It's a mixed crowd. Those looking to drink, those looking to eat and those looking to do both. They do have happy hour specials so note that while you're waiting for your table. It wasnt hard to find and it's pretty much right underneath Hanbat. Find that and you'll see the door for Mew.It's a large space if you compare it to Hagi. The bar area is small and gets pretty crowded w. all those waiting for seats. Tables are arranged close together but just far enough apart for privacy. They do still have a window at the bottom of the stairs where all those coming/leaving can stare at those eating...fishtank style.On to the food! We were there pretty early for the dinner rush and they were already out of yellow tail collar :(*Amakara ribs: $7 and this was our fave dish of the night. This would be literally the only thing i'd order if we went back (IF)...well that and some beer...YUM!! We didnt order any rice dishes but wish we had...*Yakitori set A: $12 this was ok, nothing that knocked us off our feet...chicken wing (good), thigh meat (best one in the set, juicy), breast meat w/ plum (eh), zucchini, tomato (good)*Uni roll: $9 all the goodness of uni...ok this was good too altho hubby wasnt a huge fan*Spicy beef ramen: $10 got this as i saw a lot of people ordered it buttttt shoulda listened more to the "korean style" part of it...this was a super bland broth...really it was just colored hot water (yuck). noodles were good but really with crappy broth we were just eating the noodles as a rice replacement...no enjoyment here...and it wasnt spicy. meh*Grilled salted pacific savory char: i believe thats what it was...it was a special on the chalkboard...$8 we wanted some sort of grilled fish to fill our yellow tail collar emptiness...but alas...it did not help. comes out whole which is great but just too much bitterness in the front half of the fish from the insides....kills the enjoyment.*Hitachino Nest $9 you get the small bottle. it's good as always and typical price you'd expect. bonus pt for the chilled glass.*Sapporo $4 usual draftWe had high hopes going in and well...dont think we'll be back. We left somewhat sorry we cheated on Hagi....Sorry Mew.
I was in Izakaya Mew twice during my NYC trip, and I think it says it all, the place is truly a hidden gem.The restaurant located under the ground in a cool, trendy location that makes you feel like you just discovered a secret. The amazing part is that once you taste the food, you just believe it more! Every single one out of the six dishes I had in here was wonderful. The flavors were so balanced, unique and genuine, even for a Japanese food enthusiastic like me who visited one or two restaurants in his life. The staff and vibes were welcoming, and even tough I was by myself, It felt like I was part of something bigger once I set down to eat.Do yourself a favor and don't miss this place if you are in NYC!!!
We debated giving it a 5, but finally settled on a 4 due to the noise level and the salty soy sauce. We loved the food, if that was the only criteria we would have given the restaurant a 5 or better.Communal tables with tons of menu items and efficient service, really nice wooden chopsticks great texture and feel! However the place is loud (was hard to have a conversation at times).Very nice seaweed salad not too much spice but a nice balance The pickled Mackerel is well balanced with the ginger and delicious The plum wine on ice was really greatThe sushi portion is generous and very fresh, great flavor but a touch salty the hot sauce is indeed hotThe special roll was very good, as was the empire roll, the salmon trio was interesting and unique in addiction to being delusions The tea was nice but not very strong and sadly the soy sauce was very salty.If it were not for the salty soy the food would have been perfect.
We went to a concert at nearby Madison Square Garden and were craving for some late-night chow. Fortunately, we came across Izakaya Mew online and discovered a cozy izakaya with a kitchen that closes shortly before midnight. We ordered tonkotsu ramen, crispy octopus, some garlic salmon sashimi and mackerel sushi. The quality was solid, the ramen broth was silky and rich, the noodles chewy, although it had a few too many toppings to be truly memorable.Highly recommended as an excellent stop for a late-night meal with friends in the Koreatown/MSG/Empire state area.
Dinner on Friday, February 19 before the Hall & Oats show at MSG. We were looking forward to our meal based upon the Trip Advisor reviews and the recommendation of the hotel staff. The atmosphere was cool, the service excellent and the food delicious. However, about 5 hours after dinner, my wife and I both began to feel nauseous and developed a headache. For the next 45 minutes we both felt worse and eventually my wife had a violent vomiting experience that finally ended her suffering. I never threw up and the headache and nausea subsided the same night. I don't want to blame the restaurant, but this was the only food we shared all day. We can't be sure there was a problem with the sushi or the assorted grilled skewers, and if not for the vomiting, would have rated this a 5/5. I'd be curious to know if anyone else had the same experience the same night? The bottom line question is would we go back again and I don't have an answer.
Went with a girlfriend of mine before a concert at MSG. Great find, especially since there is not a ton of great places in midtown. It's a cool atmosphere down in a basement off 35th-happy hour drinks are a great price at $4 for actually decent wine and sake. The only thing I would keep in mind is that the sushi is not the main focus- more options on Japanese style tapas and a lot of fried dishes. I went for the sushi because that's what I was in the mood for- it was pretty good!
If you have never been here you do not know what you are missing. This is a classic. It is not only a classic restaurant, it is a classic Italian restaurant. I have been going back for years. The first time I went was well over 40 years ago as a small kid as my father worked around the corner from it. I also took a client of mine 30 years ago as he liked Italian food. This was the place to go.Patsy's has been here for ever. Even amongst Italians we know who went here on a regular basis. And they were not wrong.I went in the other night as I was in the area on the way to a show. I knew it was still here so I went in. Nothing wrong in that. Taking off my coat we were shown to a table that was available. It was perfect. The waiter came over and we ordered some beverages. Being in an Italian place a glass of wine was ideal (red of course).Next, looking at the menu we made a quick decision on this. Classic Italian was only natural. We started with some simple appetizers to have with our wine. That was best.Next we both had Rigatoni pasta. This was a good way to go. And being from Italy we knew it was a small portion when you still have a main entree after that. The rigatoni was fresh. Homemade. Al dente. The gravy (sauce) was a simple marinara. You need nothing else. This is homemade the way we have it at home.Then we had our main course. We had a chicken marsala which was well made chicken breast and covered with a perfect marsala with just enough wine to give flavor. We also had a version of shrimp parma. What the menu offered and what we requested was slightly different, but the chef agreed. It was more as we would have from a grandparent. From the region of Italy they were from this is how it was made. The chef perfected that for us.We followed with a salad. Normally you get that first in the US. But in Europe you get it last. That is the way we liked it and that is how they presented it to us per our request. No problem.Desert was next. We kept it light and simple. Espresso came with it.Overall, this was a good meal. The prices were fare. The team was excellent. You can not deny that. They were very professional in all ways. And thank you for the wine. It did remind us that we were back in Rome where we were in May.Patsy's has been around for years. It is still good. And if you understand how things go when you are in Rome then you understand how life is at Patsy's. Ciao!
Stopped for lunch after visiting the museum of natural history, took forever for them to come back for our order, tried waving waitress down numerous times to get food but was busy talking to other staff, and you only get one small glass of pop and no refills and it's not cheap by any means to eat here...so many other great places to eat in the area...skip it
Prior to attending a Broadway show, we decided to dine at Patsy's..It looked like an "old word" authentic restaurant, even before we went inside--The neon sign alone looked very inviting..what stood out the most, was the friendly atmosphere..The restaurant has been around successfully for 75 years--Hosted by 3 generations of the "scognamillo" family.. They are currently "grooming the 4th generation, Joe, who is the son of Lisa & Sal scognamillo.. Sal is the Executive Chef & Owner.The food reminded me of how my of how my grandmother cooked, when I was a boy.. Great natural ingredients, cooked just right...There are great sweets for dessert, along with an awesome wine list!!!sure, there are many many restaurants in NY with great food...But if you are looking for the differentiator, in addition to Delicious food, it's the family who makes you feel at home, as though you are joining the Scognamillo's at their house on a Sunday, for dinner-- It's out of this world--so please--If you haven't already, you must try Patsy's Italian Restaurant..you will not be disappointed--you may even "feel" the presence of frank Sinatra! (His hang out when in NY)!!!
After a trip to the Museum of Natural History, my husband, my 1 year old daughter and my cousin decided it was time sit down and enjoy something warm and delicious after walking around in the rain. Being from Toronto, we wanted to try a place that was known and recommended and when we noticed Patsy’s was close by, it was an easy choice. The service was good, as was the food. The pizza was delicious and the fried calamari were probably my favourite part of the meal. Nothing fancy or mind blowing. Just simple, hearty and great for a family meal. 
Found this by accident after visiting the Museum of Natural History. Very busy, atmosphere was what I expected in a family style Italian restaurant - loud and bustling. My daughter and I each ordered a pizza, she wanted traditional but I wanted white - both were delicious! We had a large amount of leftovers -but it was great the next day too! My husband's pasta was OK, but he said he has had better. My main complaint was service. It was very busy, and our server was very nice, but they need to work on timing. They brought my husband's pasta about 20 minutes before they brought the pizza. I understand that they have a lot of take out pizza orders and they were backed up, but they should have known this and waited to bring out the past dish. Overall, good experience and would definitely return.
Saw this on line and decided to give it a try. We were glad we did. Delicious food in a comfortable atmosphere. Peaceful and friendly. Our server Ana from Russia was wonderful. The brick oven pizzas were delicious, as was the pasta, the antipasto and the Chiante. Delicious bread and olive oil, too. Will go again next time we are in town. 
After spending hours in the Museum of Natural History, we came out craving pizza for a late lunch. I googled for pizza near to where we were and came up with Patsy's Pizzeria. What a find for us! We got there a little before 2 pm and got a table right away. The place was pretty busy with families and what appeared to be locals. Our server was friendly and efficient. We ordered a pizza with sausage and peppers which came full of both and it was delicious! We also had a pretty good bottle of Chianti at a good price. On my next trip to NYC, I will be going back to Patsy's!!
This was by far the worst lunch or dinner experience I've had in NYC! Patsy's is a well know institution with a great reputation ... well until now. They have lost there touch with reality of what good service and atmosphere is in modern times as well as food trends. It's wonderful to be old school and stick to traditional fare, but updates are needed to keep up with the competitive nature of modern society. It's starts with the wait staff - Jordan was the most stone faced and rudest waiter one could have! He regularly dropped plates on the table like we were in some hash slinging diner! He and gave us worse than "Dicks last resort" service and attitude. Skip this place and go to Scarpetta or any other place that says Italian before you spend 200 plus bucks for attitude and sub par food!
Our friends highly recommended Patsy's to my husband and me last month, as we were in town to see the Broadway musical "Hamilton" again. We immediately felt at home as we walked through the door, loving the photos of Sinatra, Diddy, and others on the wall, the elegant ambiance, impeccably-dressed waitstaff and perfectly appointed tables with tablecloths. We were immediately treated to grand service by the personable and attentive waitstaff. Chef Sal himself, Patsy's grandson & the current chef, came out and recommended various pastas, as well as the cod being served that day. We indulged in mouth-watering, exciting, succulent al dente Penne, cod, and side dishes: green beans, potatoes, etc. What a delightful dinner. Everything was wonderfully perfect! Chef Sal came out several times to make sure we were enjoying the food - and how could we not! Chef Sal's final visit to our table was accompanied with a small plate of cookies...A great end to a great meal. A true memory for us and we'll definitely seek out Patsy's the next time we are in New York.We had heard of Patsy’s Italian Restaurant’s famous sauces, made from the freshest ingredients, and they were as great as we had heard. So we took home a jar of the all natural, no preservatives, no sugar added, Fra Diavolo with us, just to prolong the experience (anyone can buy these sauces online).We highly recommend Patsy's.
The Scognamillo's have a welcoming way about them from the moment you meet them. You can't fake true hospitality and you can tell it comes natural to them. The Bolognese sauce is my favorite!!!
My husband and I stopped in for lunch and were so pleasantly surprised by everything Patsy's had to offer. The atmosphere was warm and inviting and the service was superb. The bread basket was overflowing with fresh homemade bread while our meals were delicious. What impressed us most, was the owners warmth, hospitality, and humble nature. He took time to welcome us and made a point to make sure our food and experience was first class. The walls are lined with famous people that have eaten there but I can honestly say the owner treated us, ordinary people from Cleveland Ohio, as if we were one of those famous faces. There's no denying Patsy's is a great place to visit not only for the tasty food but for the nostalgia. This is a place we will patron every time we are in NYC.
THANK YOU so much Patsy's Italian Restaurant for a fantastic culinary experience during our organizations dinner last week The food was superb, the service was outstanding and iconic atmosphere enthralling. Owners Sal and Frank share the natural ability of making everyone feel welcome. It was like coming home again! A must visit when you're in NYC.Steven V. GattulloPresidentThe Food and Beverage Association of America, Inc.
Just before a Broadway show we ate at Patsy's and found the experience delightful. The service was cordial, friendly and professional. The food is more than great it was a joy. But the best part of the evening was Sal Scognamillo, the chef, who delighted the guests with his charm and natural warmth. Once you've met Sal you want to return and return.
Patsy’s was recommended to us by our concierge for pizza but said … They have other stuff too. OMG do they ever! We started with zucchini and eggplant chips with a Greek yogurt dipping sauce. The veggies were sliced paper thin and lightly battered and fried. Crispy and slightly salty … so good! My husband had the branzino piccata. I don’t care for fish but his plate was beautiful. Apparently it tasted “good” 😂 because he all but licked the plate. I had the orecchiette with broccoli rabe pesto and chicken. It too was amazing. Perfectly cooked pasta with flavor for days. In fact I have leftovers for tonight! I would be remiss if I didn’t say that the wait staff was excellent too. Very attentive without being intrusive. Not that we would have cared because we love to hear local stories and recommendations. So, if you’re interested in something other than the typical tourist hotel restaurants, find your way to Patsy’s and enjoy a wonderful meal like the locals.
We were seated promptly for a weeknight dinner without a reservation. I started with bean soup thn had the chicken liver cacciatore both of which were great. Best livers I had had but not everyone likes chicken livers. My wife had a chicken special with aetichoke hearts, heart of palm and other veggies. Service and food were all great.
Went with a friend for lunch. Got to meet Patsy and get a photo with him--so, I guess you could say it was also a 'destination'! I got the eggplant parmigiana while she got the cheese raviolis. We both liked our dishes and the portions were good. Note: that I only got eggplant; no pasta came with it. It was $25. To add sides, some were $12 (like for veggies-- I didn't notice pasta as a side). We split a dessert and got cheesecake. It was delicious and a large piece (too big for both of us)--but it was also $13! My coffee was $3 but they refilled it several times for me. We love the sauce and buy it at home in our grocery stores---loved having it at their restaurant! This is the only one--don't be fooled by others with similar names. Customer service was professional and polite. I would recommend this to others!
This is the kind of place that has a reputation that exceeds the actual experience. They have one "waiter" for the downstairs room. Presumably the guy worked his way up over the years. There are younger men who bring water, ask for your drink order or bring bread. The older Monsieur comes to take your order. He was a man of few words. He can not be accused of congeniality or humor. For instance, after our meal, he came over and said "Dessert?" No pleasantries. One of the younger men took my iced tea glass and didn't ask if I'd like a refill. It was just taken. Maybe all this wouldn't be awful of the food was excellent, but it was just fine. For three people each ordering a salad and main course, one shade of veggies, one glass of wine, one glass of iced tea and one dessert it came out to $180 before tip. 
Maybe the glory days when Sinatra hung out are best remembered and not relived. After many years away, we decided to revisit a favorite place from years ago. Sooooo disappointing. Service was reasonably efficient but impersonal. The prices would be tolerable if the food was better. We tried the stuffed calamari that boasted shrimp and lobster filling. The plate came with three very small cuttlefish heads swimming in a sea of sauce. They were partially filled with a ground up, indeterminate paste. They had an off taste, as if they were frozen and thawed. No side pasta, no veggies. Price wise, they came to almost $12 per head. Ghastly waste of money. The eggplant parm was decent but nothing to write home about. We should have gone to Bello. You should, too.
Italian food at it's finest. Meatballs to die for. We never , ever order meatballs at a restaurant but our friend insisted and he was 100% correct...tasted just like Nonna's. Their pasta dishes were done al dente with tons of flavor. My wife had a special pasta dish of the night with veggies -- she loved it. The veal and chicken parm were classic. Our fried calamari was so tender. Also, Patsy's does not make one red sauce and put it on everything. Each dish has it's own sauce. They also offer whole wheat pasta, which we all ate. The service was first class and the restaurant has a great atmosphere. Do not miss this family owned and run restaurant!!!
We stumbled upon this restaurant accidentally while walking around the City. We wanted to try something different and decided to try this place. Apparently this is a very famous restaurant...was one of Frank Sinatra's favorites; Rihanna has been there along with a host of other celebrities. We walked in and asked the hostess if we needed a reservation. They were pretty busy. They took our name and we had a seat at the bar to have a drink while waiting for our table. The bartender was borderline socially awkward. He wasn't unfriendly, but I definitely did not feel like he was happy to see us at the bar. When we finally got our table things got a little better. This restaurant seems a little snobby as far as atmosphere. The waiter was very friendly. This is a very formal restaurant but the patrons weren't all dressed up. The wait staff was very formal, though. And the family that was working there that has owned the restaurant since its opening was just not as warm and friendly as I would've imagined them to be. The food was pretty good. I got salmon and veggies and he got shrimp Alfredo. We enjoyed the food. It was pretty pricey, though. I don't know if it was that I was wearing jeans (other people in the restaurant were dressed similarly but some were dressed up). I cannot say that this place was one of my favorites. Worth a try if you're in town for a few days and have time to try different restaurants
My husband and I were in NYC recently and ate at Patsy's. It was kind of old school. The waiters were wearing white jackets and you could tell that a lot of locals eat there. They started off our meal with a basket of fresh soft bread and butter. I had a great salad with lots of veggies and a light red wine salad dressing. I ordered the chicken cacciatore. It was served with two huge chicken breasts and lots of red sauce with mushrooms. It was one of the best chicken cacciatore that I've ever eaten. Our service was great and you could tell that they take pride in their food and service. As we were finishing our meal down from the second room walks Michael Buble and his family. Next time we go to NYC we'll be eating there again!
I have wanted to try Patsy's for a while and am so glad I did. It was really good. The eggplant parm may be the best I ever had. Nice size portions. Next time I would skip the house salad, maybe have soup and get a side of pasta and/or veggies. Ricotta cheese cake for dessert was great. Everything that came out of the kitchen looked awesome. I will go back.
Lovely atmosphere with top notch service and authentic Italian food. It feels cozy and completely welcoming as soon as you walk in the door. Our meal was excellent and served perfectly with great attention to refilling drinks and removing empty tableware. I had Rigatoni with tomatoe basil sauce, fresh Rigatoni and mozzarella sprinkled with fresh basil. The house salad is a meal in itself and loaded with fresh veggies. My husband had gnocchi with meat sauce and our daughter had chicken picatta...everything was fantastic and we ate everything and split a puff pastry filled with rich cream. We can't wait to return for a great NYC meal! Patsy's is perfect for special occasion or every day meals. A definite must if you want an authentic Italian meal. 
As I follow a plant based diet I checked the Restaurant's website before visiting and it states "We have ...Vegan options available." When I asked the waiter what might be available or adapted he couldn't have been more disdainful or less interested. I was offered the House salad or a plate of broccoli. When my friend's dinner arrived I felt quite relieved about my meagre choice as her over-large slab of lasagne was stodgy and tasteless. This restaurant is vastly overpriced and the staff are horrendously patronising and arrogant.
Every year around this time I get excited because the family will be together spending a day in NYC. We visit the shops on 5th Avenue and Rockefeller Center. We finish off a perfect outing with dinner at Patsy's. The food is exceptional and the waitstaff very attentive. We have been dining at Patsy's for over 30 years. We started with the fried calamari with hot sauce, and a stuffed artichoke. Next, their chopped salad (which I tried many times to duplicate at home without success). Our entrees were rigatoni fra diavolo, eggplant parmesan, which was the best I have ever tasted and I will definitely order it next time. My husband had a pasta dish with bucatini pasta with a red sauce, and my vegan daughter had their escarole with garlic. Sal, the chef and his wife Lisa always make us feel welcome, along with Frank who always picks out the perfect bottle of wine. So when you are in NYC and are longing for good authentic Italian food, look no further than Patsy's Italian Restaurant.
My dinner was delicious (Spicy Primavera-vegan). Thanks for the suggestion, Sal.Atmosphere was cozy yet very elegant. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive. Be sure to call and make reservations ahead of time. 
Family owned and operated since 1944. Signed photos on the walls. Servers all have accents. The owner or maybe it was the head chef came out and checked in on all the tables. Fabulous experience all around. Excellent service, friendly staff. Wonderful and welcoming atmosphere. We were a table of 6 and they catered to the vegan diner with us. Authentic NY Italian restaurant. Large portions so know that going in. At our table the most noted entrees was the lobster ravioli and the gnocchi --- everything was very good but those were outstanding.
We went to this restaurant (which was packed on both floors) on a busy Saturday night without a reservation, and still we were seated within 20 minutes. One person in our party was vegan, and chef came up with suggestions and ways to modify the food in order to accommodate the dietary preferences. The food was tasty, portion size was just right, service was very attentive, and the ambience was excellent.Chef took time out of his busy day to come and talk to us, answer questions about food, and even take a photo with us. We also enjoyed very much checking out all the photos on the walls.This is definitely a restaurant to visit in New York, if you want to enjoy a nice Italian meal, very close to a homemade food. We are definitely coming back next time we are in New York.
I love this place but being vegetarian and no dairy I am at a loss as they used to have the vegan cheese/mock meat dish that I loved so much. Please bring it back as we miss it.
To be short and concise, Patsy's is a superb dining experience from start to finish. However, the quality of service, food, and atmosphere merit much more than mere concision.I was attending a celebration with my office at a lounge on nearby 56th Street, and I figured it to be a great chance to show a couple of my colleagues how real traditional Italian cooking is done. I called a couple days prior to the Wednesday event, worried it would be too short of notice to get a table at this esteemed establishment. Not only did they have a table available, they graciously set aside some extra space to account for more people, as we were unsure of our guest count for the reservation. Upon our arrival, we were greeted and escorted to our table on the upper floor. The atmosphere was scenic and hospitable. As we looked over the menus, Chef Sal himself came over to the table and assisted in our culinary indecision by asking questions about our preferences and offering brilliant suggestions. One of our guests was a vegan, and Sal took special note of this and tailored a Fra Diavolo pasta dish with broccoli rabe for him. I myself had the gnocchi bolognese, while my boss had the manicotti. Dessert soon followed with a beautiful array of warm Italian cookies and house-made cannolis, with fresh fruit sorbet and a light, refreshing Neapolitan pastry. The food was fantastic, and the price was surprising given the quality and location. However, the defining facets of the night were the appearances made by Chef Sal and his son, Joseph. The charm and hospitality expressed by them were nothing short of genuine, warm, and professional. From suggesting dishes to showing us stacks of old photographs while we conversed and waited for our meals, their attention and dedication to satisfaction was nothing less than the best. Myself and my guests truly felt as if we were guests in their home, and we were certainly treated as such. If you're in town and looking to impress, or just for a fabulous meal, you cannot go wrong with Patsy's Italian Restaurant at 236 W 56th St.
This place was a truly incredible and authentic Italian experience. My friends and I had dinner last night, and were blown away by how well we were taken care of by the entire staff. The staff was warm and welcoming from the time we came in until we (sadly) had to go. I really felt like a member of their family. The service was exceptional, and I don't use that term lightly.The food was absolutely to die for. They were able to accommodate our various dietary needs (GF and vegetarian) and were glad to do so. Everything from the bread on the table, to the olive oil, to the appetizers, entrees, and desserts was fresh and of supreme quality. I will be comparing every tomato sauce I have for the rest of my life to Patsy's.The best part is the prices are reasonable for such a high quality experience and food, especially for NYC. I have paid twice as much for meals at other NYC establishments and not eaten half as well or been nearly so well cared for as I was at Patsy's.Bottom line, if you can get a table, you need to do so at least once before you die. Trust me, once you experience it for yourself, you'll be dying to go back.
Was excited to try Patsy’s given the high rating, but was definitely disappointed. I had the chicken contadina, and was highly disappointed… the chicken was over cooked and dry, but the dish did have good flavor, just not worth $39. My daughter had the rigatoni Sorrentino, which she really enjoyed, and my mom had veal francaise, which was good. We did have the vegetarian stuffed mushrooms which were the special, but 3 for $24 seemed rather pricey. However, they were super tasty. We are water drinkers so had no drinks and this came to $150 before tip. Oh, I also purchased two jars of sauce for my son to try at home. $8 each….so walked out paying just under $200 for three of us with a 20% tip. The head chef, did come around which I thought was nice, and asked if we were being treated well. He seemed to know several people who were there, and I likely should have mentioned my poor meal, but I’m not one to complain. On here giving an honest review and opinion. The wait staff was ok, we seemed to wait longer than others, some came in after us and left before us, not sure if it’s because we had an appetizer, or ordered our meal after we ate our appetizer, but we were there 2 hours, which seemed a bit lengthy. Anyway, will possibly try again, maybe I ordered the wrong thing and should have tried a more traditional Italian American dish.
Perfect location for a before/after Carnegie Hall performance dinner, & the food was amazing! Fresh & delicious with many pescatarian & vegetarian selections! Friendly wait staff. Reservations recommended.
Just at my hotel reflecting on a fabulous family meal at Patsy’s. Staff and service were fantastic - great recommendations, attentive without being in your face. Food was excellent. My wife and girls are vegetarian and were accommodated without fuss. Recommendations aplenty for them. I hade the flower zucchini to start and penne pizzaiola with sausage for main - both beautiful dishes, the latter with the hot sweet pepper option. Desserts were huge and also delicious. What a great night. One for the memories. Damian
My wife and I returned here for our 3rd visit for an anniversary dinner and we were not disappointed. I recommend you get a reservation early. I did several weeks in advance and was given the best seat in the house, upstairs, centered by the window. The service is fantastic and the food is delicious. One of the best places to go for a special dinner for sure, and it is easy to get to as well. I much prefer it to Little Italy. The fried mozzarella and dessert cart are my favorite and the pasta is all great. My vegetarian wife loves it as well. I guess my only complaint would be that they use a lot of veal. But I really can't stress how great this place is. Reserve it now.
Very good italian food, and alot of vegetarian alternatives! Good service, good food and a good atmosphere.
We were in NYC to help our daughter with her apartment move and while there celebrated our 48th Anniversary at Patsy's Italian restaurant. It was a lovely evening with great service by Pino and Nick! We started with a nice bottle of Chianti Classico with our starters...Pasta Fazoul soup, chopped salad and escarole with olives. For our main courses my Italian husband had to have the homemade Gnocchi with meat sauce, I enjoyed the trio ravioli and our vegetarian daughter the butternut squash tortellini..all were standouts and too generous to finish so we left with take home boxes. For desert we shared a chocolate mousse cake and cappuccino and were serenaded by Pino singing Happy Anniversary. We were also given a complimentary jar of sauce for a gift. A truly memorable celebration!
So let's be clear, I am not Italian and not from NYC. I've eaten at hundreds of nice Italian restaurants across the US and abroad. This is what I would call great classic Italian food. Don't expect to have overly creative new recipes, these are the classics but done very well. Chicken or veal pounded thin, covered in various sauces of your preference, and so tender that you just rest your fork on top of it and it starts melting through. The menu has a significant selection so there should be something for everyone......beef, veal, chicken, a variety of seafood as well as vegetarian. There is something for everyone here. A classic Italian restaurant in other ways like framed pics of celebrities near the entry and bar, clean white tablecloths, attentive service...... and just plain friendly staff and owner. Certainly worth the stop after a nice tour through Central Park. Great way to finish up a day!
My youngest daughter (16) and I went on a mommy/daughter trip to NYC and made a reservation at this restaurant 2 weeks ahead of time. Boy am I glad I did! Fantastic service, and AMAZING food. I had the special that night - sausage lasagna and it was incredible. My daughter is vegetarian and had the cheese manicotti and she said it was fantastic too. Also started off with the eggplant rollatine and it was superb. Great flavors in all the dishes we had. Had to end it with tiramisu and chocolate mouse cake.
Patsy's is old school at its finest. A favorite of Frank Sinatra, you will also find it "king of the hill." The waiters wear white jackets with epaulets and give you a true dining experience. The homemade pasta dishes are heavenly and there were plenty of choices for our vegetarian daughter. When we ordered three kinds of cake for the dessert cart, the waiters put a candle in one and sang happy birthday to my husband. You can't get any better than this!
Warm, intimates, and delicious! The red sauce - marinara or fra diavolo is to die for! Along with the great and authentic Italain food (for vegetarians and meat eaters alike), the atmosphere speaks NYC - celebrity pictures who have dined at Patsy's over and over adorn the walls from Sinatra to Clooney. And, the family owned restaurant (several generations) makes you feel like you are one of their own.
My wife and I tried Patsy's last week for lunch before a matinee. She's Italian and a vegetarian, so it seemed like a good choice for options beyond just a salad which she is often relegated to at some restaurants. The decor is dated, to say the least, but has some charm as a consequence. There are celebrity photos adorning the walls by the entrance a la Sardi's and the owners work the entrance and seated us. It would feel more charming and less dated if the food was better. Both of our salads were overdressed (Ceasar and House) and clearly prepared earlier in the day or the previous evening. My wife had the spaghetti with pesto. The spaghetti was prepared fine, though the pesto was once again ladled on in excess making it a heavy, dissatisfying dish. My trio ravioli was cooked al dente, but lacked in flavor and was small in serving for the price of the dish (6 ravioli at $27). Finally we shared the tiramisu which was the worst tiramisu I have ever eaten -- heavy like concrete, and pasty. A real embarrassment. The cappuccino was average.Overall Patsy's is overpriced, outdated, and has average food at best.On the positive, our server was attentive and polite, though he had to be found for the check. We would not return, but if you give it a try we suggest reservations and requesting a corner table for 4 even if you're only a couple as the tables are small, and many too close together.
We were so excited to go to Patsy's from reading the previous reviews, however our experience did not live up to our expectations. The whole experience felt rushed, we were in and out within an hour. We ordered a single Bacardi and Coke (which was warm) and were charged $17 each - $64 dollars for 4 bacardis and 3 cokes! At no point were the drink prices pointed out until the bill came. The food was average, certainly didn't warrant a price of $27 for Rigatoni in a tomato sauce and $23 for 3 cheese ravioli. We had no starters, 2 vegetarian mains, 4 drinks and our bill came to $144 for an eating experience of less than an hour! I had the waiters preparing food immediately behind my head, banging around and chopping up salad all evening! The wait staff were curt if not rude - maybe if you are a regular you get better experience, however our experience was beyond disappointing. Over priced, below average food and there is so much choice in NYC, we wished we had spent our $144 elsewhere.
We ate here while on holiday in NYC. I'm vegetarian and had the cheese ravioli. It was amazing. Should i return to NYC, I will definitely pay another visit to Patsys.
What a disappointment. We had gone for years and the food and service were great. We had reservations for 7 guests for dinner on Dec 20th. It took forever to get seated. They sat us right by the kitchen which was noisy and busy. We ordered drinks and appetizers which were meh. We placed our entree orders. The entrees didn't come at the same time and one came twenty minutes after 6 of us started to eat. One entree had a hair in it. Of course, it went back. Three of the entrees were cold. The food was mediocre at best. I've had Stauffers frozen Italian meals which were much better. I guess the food was much better when it was Frank Sinatra's favorite NYC Italian restaurant. 
We eat at Patsy's every time we visit the city, it's always a highlight of the trip--try the fried mozzarella, linguini pesto and tiramisu. Thanks to the staff for always making our meals a memorable experience!
My family has been coming to Patsy’s for years. Every time I am in New York- it is a top priority for me to go to Patsy’s. The food & staff are always incredible. The very best Italian food- always fresh & authentic. I have a favorite sauce that isn’t currently on the menu- Chef still went out of his way to make me pasta with Amatriciana sauce. Just an example of the level of service at Patsy’s. Eto was our server and was so kind and helpful. We love Patsy’s! Thank you!
Clsssic old school Italian, and all the better for it. Patsy’s has been a magnet for famous faces for more than 75 years. Sinatra, Cagney, Peck, Clooney et al. We visited on a Saturday evening and the place was full all night. First-rate food served in decent-sized portions. Prices are fair compared to other NYC establishments. To cap a great night, the legendary Sal stopped by at our table for a memorable chat! All boxes ticked.
Patsy is my favorite restaurant in New York City, hands-down! Their food is Excellent, always consistent portions tremendous. Chef Sal always comes out to say hello, and is warm and engaging, as is the staff. When I visit from Florida, Patsy is a must, and I wholeheartedly recommend them!
Fantastic dinner, the sauce is perfect and service is great. 10/10 had chicken parm and pasta. Was cooked perfectly
Patsy's was divine - the best Italian food I have had in many, many years. On top of the equisite cuisine, the service was top notch. Sal came over and introduced himself to our family, and also signed the cookbook we purchased. Nick was excellent as our waiter. 10 out of 10 for this restaurant and experience.
Awesome food. Friendly staff. Sal is the owner & Master chef. Takes time to come out of kitchen to grill and grin. First time back since Covid and it’s still the same great place.
Didn’t get to eat dinner due to the RUDEST host/manager I have ever encountered at a restaurant. Very Arrogant, & very rude little man with no appreciation for his patrons. Come to find out he is the owners son? I read similar reviews about him on other platforms. If you have even the simplest request, be prepared for his major attitude & rudeness. Walked out. Never had this happen at any other restaurant. 
Great dinner! Food was exactly what I had hoped for. Staff was attentive and knew the menu offering great suggestions. The TiraMisu is a must!
Super place, the appetizers, main course, and the desert all SUPER. For the best in NYC, It's Patsy's 
Visited in November with my wife. Both had the veal meatballs, and shared a bottle of house red. Meatballs were the best I’ve ever had. Staff were friendly and helpful. Really relaxed environment. Hope to visit again in the future. Brilliant night, thanks so much.
Sorry, Patsy's , but you truly disappointed my party of 8 last week. Every one of them. After a very mediocre experience at Il Postino's earlier in the year, ( bypass that one, please! ), we tried Patsy's last week. We dined upstairs and perhaps that has a different kitchen than below as I saw the owner/chef, Sal Scognamilo, downstairs as we arrived and I was hopeful for a wonderful dinner. Probably the most tasteless and disappointing Italian dinner in years!My dinner:Appetizer: Clams Oreganata. ( I saw a server carry an abundance of fresh little necks neatly arranged on a tray into what I believe is the upstairs kitchen. Hence, my choice of a clam experience. Appetizer was close to uncooked as breadcrumbs were nearly raw. Totally tasteless appetizer.Entree: LInguine and Clam Sauce. I've had this dish everywhere on the planet and this baby was as tasteless as it gets. Chopped clams only, not a whole clam anywhere, spaghetti not linguine, and barely a taste of garlic. I mean, really. In addition, all others shared the same disappointment with their meal. My hope is that, if there is an upstairs kitchen out of the watchful eye of Sal S., I would strongly suggest he take a peek at what's being served up there. Jerry B
Uncomfortable, rushed service, & below mediocre food. It was such an uncomfortable experience that we couldn’t wait to leave. We came with such high hopes, & would never go back.
Nick, our wonderful server, beat all our return visit expectations! He was attentive, helpful, funny and very accommodating. We love coming here for the atmosphere, Service and classic Italian dishes. Don't miss an opportunity to dine at this historic and charming restaurant. We come all the way from Florida to visit!!
Our party of 5 were there yesterday for lunch and it was quite disappointing. First of all, the ladies room was very dirty with toilet tissue all over the floor and no paper towels. Next, I ordered the cod lunch special and had to send it back because it tasted awful. Cod is supposed to be white and flaky and this was grey, tough, and smelled very fishy. The green beans that came with it were right out of a can. My daughter who has celiac disease ordered the gluten free penne with Alfredo sauce. The sauce was amazing, however, there were 5 regular fettuccini noodles mixed in the with gluten free dish which she had to remove. This was very concerning but fortunately she did not get sick. The staff was not apologetic for anything. In fact, we found them to be quite rude and seemed to be offended we pointed out any of these things. When we went to leave 2 hours later my daughter used the ladies room and found it in the same dirty condition after I had politely mentioned it to the staff when I arrived so obviously they didn’t care. The restaurant has a very cool atmosphere but needless to say we won’t be back. 
Based on the reviews, we invited a couple friends as a special "thank you" treat for their kindness. We are all seasoned travelers, used to expecting diversity and adversity but this was unexpectedly disappointing.Our friends were gracious about it but dinner was an embarrassment to us. The food was totally off. We all had a taste of each others's appetizers, main and dessert. ALL but were improperly cooked, save one. Some were overcooked and most were undercooked. One dish was not what was ordered. They claim to have a gluten free menu. Not so. They offer one kind of pasta (penne) which did not go with most of the sauces of the menu. Presentation was non-existent, just food slapped on a plate.The waiting staff were friendly but also cavalier, which did not give a professional effect.Considering the low quality of the food, it was unduly expensive.We travel extensively. I leave few reviews, but this place warrants a warning.
Incredible dinner, and half of my party was gluten free. The restaurant accommodated is in every way and my gluten free guests were amazed at the things that they could order. The regular dishes were excellent and the reason we frequent the restaurant. The Linguini and clam sauce is one of the best I’ve had. The Stuffed Veal Chop and the Trio of Ravioli were outstanding. The gluten free dishes we ordered were The Chicken Marsala, GF Penne ala Napoli and GF Penne with garlic, olive oil and parm. All dishes were mind blowing. The tricolore salad and the burrata with roasted peppers and tomatoes with pesto were mouth watering. We saw Sal on the way out and he told us that he also makes gluten free bread crumbs and could make a gluten free chicken parmigiana for us the next time we come. All I have to say is wow!
Amazing service amazing food Sal and his crewAre top notch. Fav spot in the city Fast paced fun environment with lots of action and the reward of I incredible Italian cuisine is worth the trip. I even got Gluten after chicken parm and pasta. Sal never disappoints !
Gluten free issues prevents me from ordering Chicken Parmigiana but at Patsy I had a delicious dinner!! The chef was wonderful!! chickenparmigiana!!!
My wife and I are from New Orleans so we have high standards for dining and Patsy’s exceeded our expectations. The owner came out to discuss dietary requirements for my wife and made a pasta and lobster dish that was divine. Myself, I went with a classic Pasta Bolognese that was creamy, bursting with flavor and actually more than I could finish. The decor is classic New York with almost 100 pictures of celebrities that frequent the place from the late Frank Sinatra to James Spader etc. altogether a wonderful dining experience. 
I love Patsy’s so much, I brought 10 people who had never been to Patsy’s before to Dinner on a very busy Marathon Sunday evening. We were welcomed by the lovely Lisa and given a great table. We immediately ordered appetizers which were delicious. Our meals ranged from Chicken parmigiana, to seafood specials and gluten free options. I recommend the Penne Alla Vodka. Our guests were raving about their meals and talked about returning to Patsy’s, when they are in NYC again. I cannot say enough about the wonderful staff, and of course Sal, who always makes his guests feel Special and appreciated. He stopped by twice to make sure everything was perfect!
My husband and I have been enjoying Patsy's for years. We LOVE the food and the service is always outstanding. A few months ago I found out that I have a gluten intolerance. The other couple we were traveling with was dying to try Patsy's after we rave about it, but I was concerned that I could no longer eat all of the yummy things that I usually have. The waiter and the chef both went out of their way to accommodate me! I had mussels, shrimp parm, and even a special dessert at the end. I haven't been this happy during a meal in a really long time. Chef Sal actually took time out of his busy schedule to come to our table and make sure that I was happy with all of my gluten free items. Pasty's was always our favorite restaurant in the city, but now they hold an even more special place in our hears. Thank you to all the people at Patsy's, especially Chef Sal!!
Sal made us feel like we were part of the family! I have a gluten allergy, the staff was so good at accommodating this for me!Sal and his kitchen were able to make many dishes using alternative cooking options!Everything was so good and made to order!I can't wait to come back and visit soon!!
Just had dinner tonight after seeing this on list of gluten free friendly restaurants in New York. Don’t bother. No gluten free bread on offer as basket of bread deposited on table for those of us who can eat gluten. When we asked why the manager told us he didn’t like change and had no plans to source gluten free bread. Not the most service friendly approach.Our waiter was friendly and helpful. Maitre’d and manager not so much. Expensive for what we had and not somewhere I would recommend to any gluten intolerant person.
Friends recommended we go to Patsy’s when they heard we were traveling from Virginia to NYC. It was terrific advice! We shared an excellent meal with good friends on Easter Sunday. We even had gluten free options. The service was exceptional. We had the privilege of meeting and getting a picture with Sal. He surprised us with cannoli stuffing with fresh strawberries. Perfect gluten free dessert. We will make it back to Patsy’s each NYC trip.
Delicious meal. Great Italian Food with an excellent wait staff. They were even able to accommodate with gluten free pasta. Excellent choice for dinner. Loved the atmosphere.
This is my go-to Italian restuarnt. I live in manhattan on the UES and I always make it appoint to head to midtown to wine and dine at Patsys Italian Restaurant. This is not to be confused with the gross food chain Patsys pizza. This is authentic italian food located right next to the theater district. Also, the owner, Sal, I would adopt as my father. The sweetest kindest most caring and accomdating man! I am gluten free and I had a gf chicken parm with gluten free penne alla vodka, I was in absolute heaven. THIS IS THE ONLY ITALIAN RESTAURANT TO GO TO IN MANHATTAN!!!
Amazing food!!! Great gluten free optionsBeautiful atmosphere and exceptional serviceIt’s a must try while in nyc!!! You will love itA New York institution 😊
Delicious food, great atmosphere, and very friendly staff. There are lots of gluten free options. My dining experience here was excellent.
Great food, great service, would recommend for lunch or dinner. We were able to get a table at 1:00 without reservations 
We were visiting NYC staying in Midtown and some friends recommended Patsy’s. Told us the history about Mario Puzo and the great food. I did a little research to find out that Mario Puzo and Frank Sinatra frequented the restaurant. As we walked in the door, a couple were getting engaged and the atmosphere continued to be awesome throughout the night. What made the night really special was Sal, the owner and one of the cooks, went by every table checking on everyone and in many cases taking a photo with them. When he got round to us, he helped us decide what to have (everything on menu looked amazing), in some cases combining things and took so much time with us ensuring we were going to have a great night. Even added a side of his meatballs for us to try on the houseWhile we didn’t know Sal or Patsy’s before, we do now! We had Shrimp Scampi, calamari, Veal Francese and Eggplant Parmigiana. All was excellent and we wish we had left room for the amazing deserts that were constantly paraded past tables. Sal we will be back and thanks for making our evening so memorable.
The food is good and we ate there twice but unfortunately the second time we were taken for a ride. First we were asked where we came from and then the tip was calculated to the maximum amount. Not so on the first visit. The manager only had ridiculous excuses, although we were able to show him the amount from the first visit. It's a shame to think that tourists are being ripped off like this!
We have just returned from a trip to NYC, and are so glad we found Patsy’s!My two sons and I had dinner here, and we couldn’t fault a thing. The food was outstanding, as was the service from Bob, who is a lovely young man who does his job very well and is a real asset to the restaurant. We had the shrimp scampi, chicken marsala and cannelloni with meat sauce, and all were delicious. The restaurant has a lovely homely atmosphere too. The next evening, I returned with one of my sons (the other was having a quiet evening in). Bob recognised us as we entered and even remembered our names! Again, we could not fault the food - tortellini with meat sauce and linguine pesto - or the service, this time from Drillin (I hope that’s the correct spelling). To top it all, chef Sal came around the tables chatting to customers and told us the history of the restaurant and stories about some of its more famous regular customers. Apparently, we had missed Michael Bublé by an hour on our first visit - devastated! Sal also shared a secret or two about his recipes, which I can’t wait to try. My son returned the next morning and bought me a copy of their cookery book, in which Sal wrote a lovely 70th birthday message for me. I will treasure it and my memories of Patsy’s. 
Recently dined here with friends. I had not been here since I retired from a media sales job in New York City 4 year ago. The drinks were good and the food was fantastic. Being half Italian, I’m a real snob on Italian food. This place is great. The weight staff was fantastic too. I think I’ll return sooner than later with my kids so they can have the experience. Ciao, Bella
Our family goes to Patsy’s every December and has done so for the past 35 years. Their food is exceptional and the service is terrific. You can’t go wrong with any of their dishes but we especially enjoy the lobster fra diavolo! Must experience for a true New York City Italian feast, highest recommendation!!
Wow what a day! - This restaurant has been owned and operated by the same family since 1944. Frank Sinatra regularly ate here. I Met Sal the owner who personally made the lasagna for me earlier today. Lasagna was stuffed with sausage and meatballs and was so delicious - the Best ever - my wife ordered the Shrimp Scampi and it was so flavorful and delicious as well. The artichoke appetizer and baked clams were outstanding! I will definitely be going back to Patsys next time in Mid-town Manhattan. You have to try this hidden gem out for yourself. 
If you're a Rat Pack or Sinatra fan, go. This pays homage to them, and it's a fun touristy place to go to sit by their hats and other memorabilia. However, if you're looking for a great Italian place, keep searching. The food was OK - as in not memorable and somewhat mediocre. Unfortunately, our waiter did not make it pleasant. He stood in the middle of the room, looking like he wished he were elsewhere. He spilled water in our wine, wine on the menu, and was generally sloppy and slow (ignored us unless we waved him over). We had heard great things about the restaurant, but I think it's glory days are in the past. 
Had dinner here with 3 friends on Tuesday, December 5th before a show at Carnegie Hall. Honestly picked this place for location and it was the BEST choice we made. The food was great and the service was INCREDIBLE. Fredrico was our server and he was phenomenal. Will definitely visit here again and highly recommend for any occasion.
We ate here for the first time after hearing about it in a travel group and so glad we did. The atmosphere was great - mix of couples, families and groups. We got the manicotti and rigatoni cacciatore…best Italian food we’ve eaten! We shared a slice of carrot cake which was also fantastic. Bartender created some great drinks for us after asking us the types of things we liked. All the staff were great, and the owner/chef, Sal, came by and was so friendly and humble. His grandfather started the restaurant back in 1944, and Sal is only the third chef (second being his father). Highly recommend & we will be back next time we are in NYC!
Family long weekend to New York, this was the first Resturant we visited on arrival.Great food, vast menu and choice and great service.A really authentic Italian Resturant atmosphere, even with a dessert trolley.
Visited at the end of November 2023 after making a reservation via email earlier in the year. From moment we entered to moment we left the experience was 5 star. The owner (and chef) came to our table and asked how we wanted our food cooked and gave recommendations. The food itself was incredible. We made the mistake of coming here for our first night in New York and unfortunately nothing else lived up to to this place. If you like Italian food this place is for you.Thankyou Patsys for a wonderful evening
What an amazing experience! The cuisine was divine, the help was perfect and we even got to meet the owner who walked around and checked on the food and service. He also is in the kitchen. Not many true family restaurants left. What a gem
Absolutely fantastic meal tonight with my family. Sal came by the table twice and so nice. We even got to know some great people at the table next to us that have come regularly for years. We had fried mozzarella, Caesar salad, chicken parm, rigatoni sorrentino, cannelloni with meat sauce, cannoli cake, and chocolate cake. Everything was delicious 10/10!
Always stop at Patsy's when my wife and I are in town, never disappointed. My wife is lactose intolerant, once the waiter hears this, he goes into action, recommends food without dairy, options to avoid dairy, etc. Sal always greets and checks on his kitchen's output. Owners are also present, everyone is totally involved in the operation. Over the years, Patsy's has not changed, the quality of their food, the quality of preparation, and the quality of service has not changed over the years. To me, it is fine dining at mid-range prices.
My wife and I decided to dine at Patsy's Italian Restaurant and I must say the experience was fabulous. I decided to eat a Frank Sinatra menu of Frank's favorite fish meal and Frank's favorite dessert. My wife took a more traditional meal. We started out with a bottle fabulous Italian Moscota wine along with our appetizers. Our waiter was really good and as soon as he learned that my wife is lactose intolerant, he went into action and only recommended dairy free items. They say that they are a family business, well we met the entire family, three generations, Joseph, his lovely wife, Joseph's son Sal, and Sal's son. Now, that is what I call a family business. I totally recommend Patsy's if you have the time and a hunger for Italian. There was no waiting, the waiter spoke with an Italian accent, which was a nice touch, and he really knew his job. Everything, including the food was fabulous as was our visit to Patsy's.
The pasta was very good and looked homemade. The Italian wine selection is quite good too. Deserts did not look that good, it seems they use non dairy cream, we did not try them since the pasta dishes were quite large. I would recommend to have a reservation, since quite a few people were rejected as was full
I loved the food. I had Chicken Cacciatore and it reminded me of the pasta sauce I grew up with. It was a return visit to NYC after many years of being away.I have dairy allergies, so to find out that they do not cook their spaghetti sauce with cheese already in it, was a huge plus. The thick sauce on delicately cooked pasta was a huge hit for me!
How can a simple dish as spagetti and meatballs blow your mind? I don't know, but it did! You must try these if you are in New York! Very friendly staff. Walked in with no reservations, and got a little worried as its seemed pretty packed. Luckly they had a table for 2 with no wait. Great evening out!
We were there to celebrate our 25th Anniversary after seeing Funnly Girl on Broadway. Patsys was close by so I made a reservation 2 weeks in advance. We were seated very courteously and we were impressed that it was very clean with lovely white tablecloths. However, then.....Worst Italian Food I have ever had. Caesar salad made with I think Miracle whip since it tasted sweet. I had broiled fish which was ok, the potato croquette was left and some horrible veg. My husband had lasagna which was Massive but tasteless. A glass of house wine was $15 per glass. I sort of understand since it is in the heart of Manhattan. The service was SUPERB but it was decently not great food. With tip, $150 US. SERVICE WAS SUPERB !!
We chose this restaurant based on the high TA rating and the Travelers Choice award. I’m actually surprised it receives such high accolades. The photos on the internet show a warmly lit, cozy restaurant, but it was as bright as a high school gymnasium. I’ve noticed other reviewers have pointed this out, so hopefully management will take note and dim their lights.I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, and again as other said, they were tasteless. Nice texture, but basically no flavor. Sauce was also mediocre. We were disappointed. Perhaps the chef could add some more spices. The young bartender wasn’t a friendly chap and a bit snippy. Please let him know when he makes a martini to put the olives on some sort of pick and not throw them in the bottom of the martini glass. The only positive for us that evening is that the waiter and manager are very nice and the place was clean. The wine was fine, too. When I read reviews I tend to dismiss the more negative ones as just grumblers, and imagine most people will feel the same when or if they read my review. My hopes are that management takes note, and could tweak a few things. 
Fantastic food! Great for families and really anyone. Very clean, great atmosphere and wonderful staff. It was become one of our favorite restaurants in the city,
Lunch at Patsy.s today. What a wonderful spot.Family run Italian restaurant, great location, beautiful and clean and cozy spot.Nick made our excellent bourbon manhattans. Jordan served our pasta fagole, soup special, it was classic and delicious. Fried zucchini and cappuccino so fine.Enjoyable lunch and look forward to returning for more fine cocktails and dinner. Super spot!We did not get dessert but great selection offered.
I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a long time, and got my chance on a Saturday night. Very small tight seating, you have to check your coats because there is not enough room at the tables for coats. The service was average to good, the place was clean, but the food was below average and the cost for a plate of spaghetti is outrageously high. I would not return nor would I recommend this place to anyone. My wife had the combo meal, 1- very sm piece of chicken parm, 1-very sm piece of eggplant parm, and 2- sm raviolis. She did not eat it, said the chicken was like rubber, the eggplant was tough, and the sauce was not good. I had the spaghetti with meat balls and it was very tasteless. Two meals, two drinks, one desert, the bill was over $150. Will not return.
The food was amazing, we actually met Chef Sal when we walked in He was greeting every one. And when we left I told him the food was amazing. Such a nice man. The desert was to die for we shared the Napoleon which was so good. The service was impeccable I would defiantly recommend this restaurant we went before we saw The Cher Show and had plenty of time to get to the show. Plus the place was clean and they didn’t rush us out.
Had a cheese pizza. Was very clean and not heavy. Service was solid. The restaurant is nicely decorated. We were quickly seated.
Excellent food!!! The server was very attentive and informative.Made us feel welcome.All was clean and organized.
Patsy's had great reviews and was close to our Broadway theater, so we chose it for dinner before our show. We had the stuffed calamarie and trio of raviolis. Although the food was decent and the service was good (very old city NYC vibe), I was disappointed given the ratings and the prices. I didn't think it was very clean, but maybe it was because we sat upstairs and I could see behind the curtain on the large window which was very dirty. With all the other options in the city, I don't think I would choose Patsy's again. For what we received, the prices were too high...especially given the other food we experienced on our trip.
We had a fabulous pre theatre meal at Patsy's italian restraunt and I must say 'it's just mama makes'. I lived in Italy for a long time and it was just like being back there. We orders from the main menu, for starters we has antipasto Classico and an egg plant dish. Mains we had Veal parmegano , and a veal rilletto, dessert a beautiful Light italian cake. Ammeretto on ice and a coffee. The food was absolutely yummy. Served by fabulous waiting on staff that have been working in Patsy's from 25years plus. The atmosphere was great too. There was one tiny little thing, the coffee machine needed cleaning so coffee was a little bitter, I think that most people wouldn't notice but I have had coffee shops for many years and can tell when a machine and bean hopper need a good clean and degreasing but this in NO WAY spoilt the eveningCan't wait to go back (2 years time) a massive thank you for a lovely evening everyone. Xx just a little note that I am having problems rating service, food and value. I give a 5 across the board
Emailed a booking request for 4 adults and a 2 year old child for my 60th birthday celebration asking for 6.30pm. They emailed to say they had booked me for 6pm. When we got there, we had to wait by the door for 20 minutes for them to sort a table for 5 but they did not explain why we were waiting at first, then said that they were sorting us a table for 5 - which was what I had asked for (I have the email) but didn't want to make a fuss. Ordered dinner, the food was lovely. Needed to change the baby. THERE ARE NO FACILITIES TO CHANGE A 2 YEAR OLD. Daughter upset at being told to lay her on floor on table cloths (floor was dirty, I would not have sat on it, let alone put my head on it, on cloth or not); daughter asked for them to bring stroller upstairs to lay her on, they did not do so; I said nothing. I managed to change her balanced on a chair in the ladies restroom blocking entry to one of the two toilets, very unsatisfactory but did not want a fuss beyond what my daughter had already said to them. I was determined to try to enjoy my 60th birthday meal, DESPITE the restaurant guy. During main course I was asked about meal and said very nice thank you. Had finished main course and was brought the bill instead of the dessert menu; we asked who had instructed this as we had not asked for the bill; same guy who had not helped daughter. I went and gave the guy his money and said I had never felt so insulted. The waiter came back later as we were readying to leave and said there had been a mistake and apparently he had been told to check on us not bring the check; if that were the case, the other more senior person (who took the orders, served the wine, issued the instructions and was not helpful) should have come to explain himself. I was disgusted. I am sure Tony Danza downstairs had a very different experience. IF YOUR RESTAURANT CANNOT OFFER FACILITIES TO CHANGE A BABY YOU SHOULD SAY SO BEFORE YOU ACCEPT A BOOKING FOR A BABY; WE WOULD HAVE GONE ELSEWHERE! I WISH I HAD BOOKED AT CASA BELLA IN LITTLE ITALY - CASA BELLA HAS GREAT FOOD, BABY CHANGE FACILITIES, CLEAN EVERYWHERE INCLUDING TOILETS, AND REALLY HELPFUL FRIENDLY STAFF.
The place is great old school and have a very good reputation. We walked in Saturday night to have a dinner there, the place was packed and there is no way to find a table but u have the option to wait at the bar. The owner of the place welcome us and he definitely wouldn’t makes you upset coz we inform him that we tried to book many times but no one was answering the line. Long story short he gave us a small table next to the bar it was ok. The service was ok experienced team but the table wasn’t clean enough attention to details is 0. Food quality if u are aware of Italian Food u will understand it’s more commercial than u expect very big portion wish is not the way Italian Food is made of! quality is way more important than the quantity...Anyway the wine selection is not bad The prices is high for the quality but not for the quantity..
Excellent restaurant in neighborhood away from all the hustle of NYC. Wait stuff super friendly and accommodating. Great food, clean, and family friendly.
Outstanding Old World Homemade Italian Food as our grandma used to make! The sauce was just like I remember our dear Italian grandmother made us! Cocktails, food, desserts and coffee were all delicious and enjoyable. Restaurant is clean, service is good, what could be better? Chef Sal walks around to make sure guests are enjoying their meals. He spent time chatting with us and showing us pictures of many celebrities that he’s had the pleasure of serving in his restaurant. If you are looking for great Italian food, prepared by a Chef who is passionate about his restaurant, you will not be disappointed at Patsy’s Italian Restaurant!! The Chef is the grandson of the original and famous “Patsy” who taught him everything he knows.... whatever he is doing is working because we loved our dining experience! 
Upon arrival at Patsy's with my lovely wife and 3 kids aged 15,10 & 3 we were immediately greeted and seated 15 mins before our reservation. Everything was clean and eclectic with old world meeting new age. I could sense true professionalism right away as I scanned the place. The superior service we were about to discover does not happen by accident, it happens via hard work and attention to detail. Our food was fabulous, on time, presented with care and most importantly delicious to the last bite! The owners take great care in spending all the time needed with the customers to be sure they understand the menu...they told us if we had favorites not on the menu they would make it! Who does that anymore? They followed up at every opportunity to be sure we did not need one single thing! And finally after they see you are truly enjoying your dining experience they move on to the next table spreading the same love around the restaurant. So a huge thank you Patsy's staff and the Scognamillo family for making us feel like family for our time there.
This is a typical NYC Italian white tablecloth restaurant with all the standard Italian dishes. I ordered a trio of ravioli flavors (spinach, mushroom, and lobster) that was good, but not wonderful. The room had lots of local people having lunch with friends and family and the service was very good. A nice place to relax, but not for spectacular food.
What a great experience, one of my favorite place to visit in NY. I’m glad there still thriving since the pandemic. An institution in NY, a must visit. Please support your local business!
This was supposed to be a special treat for me and my daughter. Bread was stale and food was mediocre. Buying pasta and a jar of sauce from the supermarket would have been better. My pasta (one of the day’s specials) was hard and tasteless. The room was very noisy. Really regretting having to pay $91 for this. Would have been much better spend having two meals at the local diner.
Being a big fan of Michael Buble (who has apparently been coming here for 20 years !), my wife in particular was keen to visit Patsys. The restaurant has also been recommended by someone we were chatting to outside Madison Square Garden (a senior partner in a local law firm). Although we didn’t have a reservation, the front of house staff were very friendly and accommodating in booking us in for later in the afternoon. The ambience, service and food were excellent, particularly for Italian food lovers. The icing on the cake was meeting the Proprietor / Executive Chef, Sal Scognamillo (pictured), a charming chap who appears to make a point of speaking to his guests to ensure that they are enjoying their food. Patsy’s is clearly a family run and established restaurant which has been in existence for many years (dating back to 1944) and has an excellent reputation which it values enormously. Will definitely return next time we are in NYC.
We arrived on a Tuesday evening a little after 8 without a reservation. I explained to the maître d that we were from Seattle and had heard how great the food was for years. I ask if there was anyway he might be able accommodate my girlfriend and I this evening. He said we could wait at the bar and he could seat us in about 25 minutes. We checked our coats and turned towards the bar.We took a spot at the bar next to the Bronze statue of Frank Sinatra and ordered our drinks. Great bar service with full pours. We met a father and son who were out enjoying the evening. They were locals, friendly and bought my girlfriend a drink. True to his word the maître d had a table for us in about 20 minutes. If you enjoy really great Italian food with old school great service you must come here. They have been serving for 75 years and is still family owned. In a city like New York with the competition is fierce, Patsy's continues to do quite well because of their food, service and atmosphere. If you are going to New York, put Patsy's Italian Restaurant on your list and make reservations.
Nice family owned and operated restaurant. If you dislike chains then this is the place to go for New York Italian food. Great menu choices, intimate but not too small. Servers were out of a casting for Italian restaurant movie local. Decor is old fashioned but not out of place.
A close friend and native New Yorker recommended that I try Patsy’s while in town on a recent work trip from DC.I could not have been more pleased!I arrived 10-15 minutes prior to my 5pm reservation, so I started with a cocktail at the bar while waiting for my table. I went with one of the evening specials (scallops and a light linguine) as well as a side of their famous meatballs. I ended with a slice of Napoleon cake.The entire experience was amazing!I will absolutely return on my next trip to the City, and I will be sending my friends and colleagues every chance that I get!
Was excited to go to Patsy’s with the reviews. Overall it was a solid meal but nothing spectacular. My local authentic place in Richmond VA is on par and even better. To be fair we love that place but when in NYC I’m hoping and have had much better. Positives:- service was terrific - meals were all solid. Nothing bad. We had the ravioli trio, linguini puttanesca, rigatoni alla vodka, chicken parm, and a stuffed veal marsala (proscuitto and mozarella). Again - no complaints but no rave reviews. Negatives:- roving dessert cart has such potential but desserts were just ok - meals solid Atmosphere was actually nice and it was very casual. Actually a strange mix of really dressed up and very dressed down (Yankee jerseys). Wear what you want. So overall a solid meal....but does it hit the value cut of being worth the money...verdict is it does not. I would be happy to pay a little more for a better NY meal. 
Wowzers! Authentic NY Italian establishment!I probably couldn't say enough or eloquently enough to accurately describe my experience here, but I will give it an attempt! My husband and I visited here for his bday with his sister and brother in law. We all shared a bottle of the Argentinian Malbec which was such a good choice! Nice and bold, with a rich semi-dry finish. Dry but not overly dry. Good enough for me to take a picture somewhat as a momento and also as a reminder to try and find this wine at the local total wine!I had the pumpkin tortellini and butternut squash ravioli which was super yummy with a rich but not overly done sauce. I shared this dish with my husband who got the chicken parmesan. The sauce was very rich and flavorful with just the right amount of cheese on top! My sister in law got the chicken marsala with mushrooms. She particularly enjoyed the sauce and how it wasn't overly thickened. My brother in law can't remember what he got but I know it was a dish with chicken and potatoes and peppers. I do remember he ate the entire thing and everyone was very happy with the meal and service so... no matter what it was I don't think we could have gone wrong with anything!Service was very prompt and courteous! Desert was the chocolate cake, couldn't pass it up after seeing it wheeled past on the desert cart! The big spiral wheels of ganache over arching the cake were calling our names! I also loved that the chef was walking around chatting. So nice to see a place that's intimate and invested in their patrons. And it was topped off with a bday gift from the chef to go home with, which was a bottle of the marinara sauce! This was such a nice touch!!! Highly recommend this place and will visit again every trip to NY!
For years I had tried to get tickets to the Daily Show starring Trevor Noah and a month ago it happened - I got tickets for Monday, May 20th!I wanted to find a good restaurant near my son's apartment and a friend suggested Patsy's and I am so happy they did!The show ran long and we were starving when we got there.We shared a Rigatoni Fra Diavolo to start - the pasta was perfect and the sauce was spicy and so good (so good that I took a jar home with me )! I ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana and he had the Sausage Pizzaiola with Peppers - we wound up sharing both - which were excellent (I'm actually salivating while I'm writing this)!The food was fantastic but the service and the ambiance put it over the top! From the moment you enter to the last bite you take the staff is there to make sure you're happy and comfortable and full - and that we were!My only regret is that I was too full to order the Italian Cheesecake - thank goodness I'm local! (Like I need another reason to go back!!)If you have a chance, GO! This is one meal you don't want to miss!
I’ve been blessed to have eaten in Italy year on year all my life, as well as to have lived among Italian diaspora in the U.K. for the last twenty years. I’m by no means an expert on Italian cuisine but it’s not a fine art; it’s about simplicity, familial dining and quality ingredients celebrated without pomp and ceremony. So visiting NYC with its famous Italian community I was excited to try one of its celebrated Italian restaurants and see how those core values in food traveled across the Atlantic. We all know the renowned New York pizza, I wanted to experience the top end of New York’s Italian community and the food that could be enjoyed. Enter Patsy’s. This place came from recommendation as well as excellent independent reviews I had read. What could go wrong? As always I will try and be objective. I want to read honest reviews so that’s what I will write...Entering Patsy’s there’s an impressive feel about the place. Your seated among people who look like they’re really pleased to be there so that’s reassuring. We were guided to our table with a slight element of disregard but forgivable. Then came the menu and the wine list. On the former, it’s too big. If you’ve great food you don’t need to give huge choice. If you’re confident your food is great, why do you need to cater to every whim? I’m always dubious of a kitchen offering such choice. How could they possibly deliver so many dishes so well without endless chefs or without reverting to pre-made items or frozen portions?Then the wine list. Put simply, it’s massively overpriced and even at the top end doesn’t offer good Italian wines. Just easy profits that people will pretend to like thanks to the atmosphere surrounding them. We actually opted for US wines simply because I didn’t even know what I’d be buying from the European list (missing vintage info, partial info on producer) and the fact that generally it looked like stuff I could pick up from my local Aldi for £7 yet sold here for $100. We (reluctantly) made our choices and one of the geriatric waiters came and took our order. Now I don’t have a problem with employing the elderly. But Patsy’s seems to ensure they find the oldest, grumpiest guys in NYC to fill these posts. For a moment I wondered if this was perhaps in lieu of a pension scheme for former employees. Maybe just a bit of a shake up and young blood might help. Enter the wine. Being offered a taste of your selected bottle is normally a humble process in which you the customer are asked for approval. In this case the waiter (same table waiter, not sommelier) clutched the entire bowl of my glass with a wrapped palm covering the rim I was about to drink from and poured a full glass holding both the glass and bottle in mid air above the table. It wasn’t corked, although I couldn’t held wondering if it might remind me of a tequila shot from the salty fist. Now to the main event. The first food item to arrive was some bread for the table. Nit-picking I know but I do always object to being given bread before chosen food. It’s just a filler or something to scoop up remains of a plate much enjoyed. You might expect a nice basket of Italian breads; some ciabatta, focaccia or just plain pane. What we got was run of the mill white sliced bread. Sweet and doughy. Not great but not a major issue at this stage. We ordered just an antipasto and a main each. The menu isn’t really structured so you can chose antipasti, pasta, pesce, carne etc. More generally starter/main but no problem. My starter arrived. I’d ordered baked clams. I always chose fish and seafood at a good restaurant as it’s where good chefs differentiate themselves. Out come a small handful of meagre clams topped with so much Parmesan they tasted of nothing else. That golden rule of Italian food; no cheese on fish or seafood! It’s there for good reason. All-in-all however, they were ok. You tasted the topping much more than the clam. To be honest you didn’t really taste the clam at all but it was edible. Now for the main. I ordered stuffed squid. Three of these arrived swimming in a tomato sauce and... nothing else. No vegetables, pretty accompaniments but let them sing I thought? Such presentation wouldn’t be complete without the friendly Parmesan delivery. No matter what the dish, the waiter gleefully wanted to dowse your meal with Parmesan. Fish with Parmeggiano rule? At this stage I was in the What the Hell stage. Why not douse the thing with cheese, everyone else is. The squid themselves were served as whole tubes, without detailed attention, stuffed with something I could thankfully reverse engineer from experience making ravioli or casoncelli. Taking a knife to one of these squid tubes sent a column of Parmesan and breadcrumb stuffing flying out into the welcoming sea of stewed tomato and dried herbs within which they languished. Attempting to enjoy the meal meant trying to reconstruct what you guessed shouldn’t have happened. But doing so only lead you to rubbery squid, stodgy breadcrumbs and cheap cheese with a sauce reminiscent of 1990’s supermarket Dolmio. Thankfully we gave the much heralded desert trolley a miss. The amount of mileage it had taken fresh cream into a warm room made it look an unwise idea. The bill appeared and it came with regrets but a mild reassurance that you actually know what good food looks like and tonight had merely served as a reminder to reassure you that you’re judgement was sound, if momentarily mislead. In a word. Avoid.
Have had many dinners at Patsy's...fabulous food and welcoming staff. Can't do enough for their clients. Although it is somewhat of a tourist destination, we are locals who consider it a local's restaurant. After visiting a couple of times the feeling is that you've gone "home" for dinner. Doesn't hurt that the food is excellent...worth a visit if either a local or out of towner!!!
What a treasure! We were encouraged To try this iconic New York restaurant. A true working local family that cares about every detail.  We had a variety couples and we were all very satisfied! Very reasonable prices... superior quality including certified Angus beef ! Hospitality and service over the top In New York ? Go ! Let’s go blues !
Came here for pre-show lunch and were so delighted. Shared the mussels in white wine sauce...YUM! Then shared the Salmon w/mustard sauce...delicious! For dessert we both had a cannoli...OMG! Will be happy to come back and try more food! And, because we buy "Patsy's Marinara Sauce" in our local supermarket, the owner gave us a "gift" to use with the sauce...What a nice guy!
This restaurant was a spot I booked for my birthday celebratwas the first time in NYC, and Patsy’s excited my expectations!I knew it was very delicious food from long running family business, and I was expecting to be having fantastic dinner, but the service and personal details that we received was above and beyond what I even imagined! Sal the owner was so kind, and personal to the point I received a nice jar of his famous marinera sos as a gift for my birthday! I also was surprised with a pice of cake 🍰 while the whole restaurant sang happy birthday to me. (this was organized by the staff without my knowledge)The extra touch’s and attention for my special day was so touching, and beautiful. I will always remember the delicious food, and the memories of spending my birthday here!It was definitely a highlight of my trip! I will come back, and would recommend anyone who is looking for really good food with excellent service to come here Greatly appreciated your hospitality 
Excellent in every way...cool old school vibe, fantastic food and service.... owner is very nice and tells great stories!...also, Frank Sinatra loved this place! What else is there!! 
This spot is one of a kind. The staff, the service, and the food are spectacular. I started coming to Patsy’s as a tourist and now that I live in NYC, I try to come as much as possible whether by myself, with friends, or with family. This Italian food transports me to Naples every time. FYI their lemon sorbet is out of this world - I can’t find anything like it anywhere else in all of Manhattan. If you are lucky enough to get a reservation, you will not be disappointed.
Well you need to ware your sunglasses to even walk in.Looking at the clients they can’t see without stadium lighting.Food was good but had a headache from the over head operating head lights.Would suggest wearing sunscreen when you come.Had the feel of a retirement home .With good food.Our waiter waked out half way your dinner.Nice guy but was deaf and had to go to bed
Wow! We went here after the theater with a large group. Our meal was absolutely fantastic. Every dish was tasty. Nick our waiter was so attentive, gave good recommendations and was very kind to our kids. This restaurant is smaller, intamate and classic New York. Veal Rollatine Marsala was a favorite as well as every dessert.
Place has been around a while. From the owner down to all of his employees are great. Service was perfect and the timing spot on. Very good value and huge portions
Italian restaurant with amazing food where you are treated like family. Best veal piccata I have had. Made at my request as it was not on the menu. Artichoke appetizer was outstanding!
we went there for dinner exellent food great service,you made us feel special.Nick see you next time
Best Italian food I’ve ever had. Thank you chef Sal for upholding this beautiful New York tradition!
We were able to get a last minute reservation at Patsy’s on our first night in NYC. What a treat! Not sure how we will top this meal! Good food, excellent service, ambiance,It’s the whole package. 
Eight ladies went for dinner for the first time at Patsy's. Everyone thought their food and the atmosphere were excellent. The service was great and friendly. Some of the favorite dishes were the 3 types of ravioli & sauces; shrimp parmigiana; and shrimp scampi. All the desserts were but the cannoli cake was wonderful. The chef -- and owner-- came around to see how we were doing and chatted with us awhile about the history of Patsy's. With all the many great NYC restaurants, Patsy's deserved the title as an iconic Italian NYC restaurant that we will go back to eat. 
Patsys is fabulous! The service is charming and friendly. Italian bread is served with fresh butter, and there is wonderful olive oil on the table my chicken Marsala was exceptional.The Caesar salad was the best Caesar salad I have had in yearsIt was a little shocking to have to call on the telephone to get a Reservation. They do not subscribe to any automated reservation systems.
My wife found this through TA and as it was her birthday and she loves Italian food we booked a table by phone from the uk. It’s just perfect: great food, amazing pasta, great wine and superb staff with a wonderful atmosphere. It was joyful to see a traditional dessert trolly with amazing cakes and we met the owner on leaving. There were two outbursts of Happy Birthday but my request at booking must have been forgotten which while not the end of the world would have made the experience even better.
This is the best homemade Italian pasta, gravy and veal meatballs in all of NYC!!!Their Asti Mascota and Napolean Desert is the best in NYC!!! You must eat here and enjoy Sal's preparations of real Italian cooking!!Everything was top notch from our waiter (I wish I could remember his name he was so nice and friendly with great selections for wine and food) to the food to the Chief Sal coming out to introduce himself and asking how our meal was. I told him I had wanted to try Patsy's Italian Restaurant since it was featured on 60 minutes years ago. I told him my wife made her own Italian gravy and his was on par with hers, but she does not make homemade pasta and Sal does!! I will be back in the future with my wife for her to try this delicious food!!! My cousin had the chicken picante and for dessert the chocolate mousse which he said was fantastic. Whoever gave this place a bad rating does not appreciate excellent Italian food!!! Regards, Kevin Durham
We’re in NYC a couple of times a year and usually go to Patsy’s, a restaurant that was frequented by Frank Sinatra and other celebrities. It was the definition of “high class.”This last visit will probably be our last visit. The quality and the ambiance have denigrated to just another tourist joint. They’ve simplified their menu and it comes plastic covered, like you’re at the Olive Garden. The clientele used to always be dressed for fine dining; now the only customer wearing a jacket and tie was me. A scan across the room revealed very casual dress, and insult to what the history of this NYC landmark used to be. The food is certainly “good (no longer great)” but the character and class has faded pronouncedly since our previous visit 2 years ago. The young woman who received us was dressed for working at Taco Bell. The maitre d' wore a suit and tie; he used to wear a tuxedo. I can’t place all the blame on his hallowed institution, it’s reflective of the changing mores and loss of tradition that Boomers cling to and the younger generations don’t care about.And a disclosure: we had just returned from Rome & Patsy’s just can’t do Italian any where as good as Italy does. The sad part: they used to.
What a great experience. Being from Chicago, we don’t have a lack of good Italian dining options. Patsy’s has that unique combination of great food, perfect ambiance and fascinating history (ie F. Sinatra). Highly recommended a must stop when visiting NYC.Additionally, my recently wed daughter came to NYC for a bachelorette party weekend. I made a reservation, told her to ask for Sal (the proprietor) and he couldn’t have made the group feel more special. Again, I highly recommend.
Such a special place in midtown and a NYC staple! The only place I recommend anyone to go to before they see a show! Everything on the menu is incredible! We never go there without ordering the Eggplant Parm. Incredible service that cannot be beat. Patsy’s never misses. Would 100/10 recommend you go for your next trip!
Patsy’s on 56th between Broadway & 7th Ave should be a New York landmark. Owned by the Scognamillo Family, Patsy’s has served delicious, authentic Italian-American food since 1944. Their raviolis and tiramisu will knock your socks off, and while you’re enjoying tablecloth service, you may even see a few celebrities: Tony Danza, Michael Bublé and the cast of JERSEY BOYS included! It’s an old-school, classy yet accessible home away from home and should be part of every New York experience. The current man in charge Sal will make you feel like family, and his sons will greet you with the biggest smile. We’re so grateful for our Sunday dinners with dear friends here, and you will be, too. You’ll be a regular in no time. 
If you want an authentic Italian experience with amazing, personable, fast service and a team that makes you feel at home away from home, come to Patsy’s! Sal and his team have served the likes of James Gandolfini, Jerry Seinfeld, Madonna and so many more! Michael Buble even did a segment on Patsy’s in his documentary about his MSG concert. The history is visceral and the owner Sal Scognamillo can tell you so many stories and entertain you for hours! And the food is delicious! Ask for the salmon cakes when you go. Sal might have a special order just for you! I definitely recommend the Pasta e Fagioli and the Rigatoni Sorrentino (one of Sal’s favorites). And the Quesada cake for dessert! You won’t regret it! And, for all you JERSEY BOYS fans, they even did the 15th anniversary party at Patsy’s! My girlfriend and I just went for a special birthday dinner with our friend and Sal treated us like one of the family, as he always does. Cause that’s what you get Patsy’s. Family. Thank you, Sal. 
What an awful restaurant definitely give this one a miss how it is recommend on Trip Advisor good only knows !! Food was awful they think by giving you big portions it makes up for the quality of the food !! The service is efficient but that’s all and the chef needs to get back to Italy to learn how to cook proper pasta !! It’s a real shame I’m giving this review as was really looking forward to it where’s chef Ramsey when you need him !!!
Beat italian restaurant. Generational perfection! If you want to dine where Frank Sinatra had a table, this is the real deal. Food is amazing and owner comes around and greets you! See the scene in Billions!
Fomos muito bem atendidos pelo Nick, restaurante muito agradável com ótima comida, mesmo chegando sem reserva e preço justo. Podem ir sem medo, recomendamos.
Whenever we travel, we take turns picking restaurants. This was my husband's choice, and he was very excited about it. I've had better food at Olive Garden. Service was indifferent, bordering on rude. When we were not eating our food, no one asked why we weren't eating anything, it was obvious that they didn't care. The space isn't anything special, and the food was...bad. We had the Mozzarella in Carozza, Rao's jarred sauce is better, and the breading lacked flavor. My cannelloni were so tough that I subtracted the filling, which lacked flavor. My husband had the veal rollatine, which was tough and lacked flavor. When we told the maître de that we weren't pleased, he said he wished we told him. NO ASKED!NYC has a million great Italian restaurants that lack the hype, please seek them out.
Patsys has gotten worse every year. It’s now inedible. The salt content of my linguine (which was spaghetti) was intolerable. There are many fine restaurants in NYC. Go to them.
This was a wonderful dining experience. The food was great. We had the stuffed mushrooms that were amazing. I had fettuccine with a meat sauce that was probably the best thing I have ever ate. We then shared a dessert which was a chocolate mousse with coffee. The coffee smelled so good that I took a sip without adding cream or sugar and it was wonderful. I actually enjoyed drinking black coffee. I wish I knew what brand of coffee they serve. Everything was spectacular and we were really happy that we discovered this place thanks to google.
I recently dined at this incredible Italian restaurant in NYC. The hospitality was top-notch, the food was absolutely delicious, and the old school atmosphere added a charming touch. Highly recommend! Thank you Sal for a wonderful evening. 
We went here for anniversary dinner. Ambience was nice and food was to die for! Had the chicken Parmesan and shrimp scampi. All was amazing. Sidecar cocktail was on point! Will definitely return next time.
This is a typical NYC Italian white tablecloth restaurant with all the standard Italian dishes. I ordered a trio of ravioli flavors (spinach, mushroom, and lobster) that was good, but not wonderful. The room had lots of local people having lunch with friends and family and the service was very good. A nice place to relax, but not for spectacular food.
Patsy's is our favorite restaurant! The food is outstanding and the staff is friendly. The ravioli is the best! Highly recommend a visit when you are NYC!
Holy Cow... Best place in the Worlds... Dinner I never go out for Italian food but I must tell you... other than my house I will not eat it anywhere else.The other great thing about Patsy's is when you are there, you feel like part of the family. It is one of the most unique places in the WORLD... if you are lucky enough to get in.
After a LONG and stressful trip into the City (NYC traffic), we finally got to Patsy's, and all that stress instantly melted away after being greeted with "family" warmth and hospitality from Sal and Lisa. As always, the food and service were top-shelf! Just when you think it can't get any better, Patsy's manages to exceed all expectations and delivers an experience that you just can't get anywhere else! If you haven't tried Patsy's, you don't know what you're missing! HIGHLY, HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend!
I reserved a table at Patsy's for my wife and I. It was our 2nd last night of our honeymoon, and my wife's birthday. I'd heard good things about Patsy's and it did not dissapoint. From the welcome we got when arriving, to the farewell, we were looked after and made to feel special. Hands down the nicest experience we've had in a restaurant. The food was brilliant and our server, Danny, was a true gentleman. He even gave us a choice of their incredible cakes for my wife's birthday and, when were leaving a jar of their own source to take home to try and recreate a wonderful meal. Chef Sal also came out to wish my wife happy birthday and us both congratulations on our marriage. If we are ever in New York again, Patsy's will be first place we visit. Thank you!
My wife and I visited the previous week and enjoyed a great dinner & service. We left a generous tip. We revisited and enjoyed an equally good quality meal & service on our last night in NY ….. Until ….upon leaving the upstairs area a waiter confronted us and said : “tip is not included - you haven’t left enough !” At first we believed it was a NY joke but the waiter was definitely not smiling and insisted we pay more. We quickly realised we had miscounted our bank notes and had left 4 dollars by mistake….. we swiftly added a further 20 dollars but by now the belligerent attitude of the waiter spoiled the end to a nice evening. I confronted the waiter and management who apologised. This could have been handled much better by a discreet visit to our table rather than in front of other diners. This was poorly managed. The moral of the story is : in the end it’s all about the money at Patsys 😞
We tried Patsys based on a recommendation by our hotel concierge and we were not disappointed. It's a classic Italian restaurant with excellent food. We had the eggplant parmesan and the spaghetti with meatballs. Both were incredibly delicious. Both were large portions and had an incredibly taste. It's a good thing we dont live here or we would be regulars. 
One of the best restaurant experiences I have had. Sal is an amazing Chef and the family atmosphere is welcoming and professional. If I lived in New York this would be a weekly dining experience. I also do not want to leave out that the sauce will set a standard for Dine-In Italian cuisine that will be hard to match unless you are in Grandma's house in Genoa. Thank you to Sal and his Family along with the entire staff for being the highlight of our New York trip! Chin Chin!
Been coming here for ever since I was kid. The red sauce with clams is a favorite. Also when they have ossobucco it is simply amazing 
This was our second visit! Chef Sal came to our table and whipped up an appetizer that was delicious. Our wait staff and meal were superb! We travel from NC to come to this restaurant.
Visited New York for my wife’s 50th birthday from the UK ,and had her evening meal here. Great food and fabulous atmosphere would definitely return when we visit New York again.
Someone recommended we try Patsy’s when visiting NYC from Ireland and I’m so glad we listened, this was our favourite meal of the week!As soon as you walk in you can feel the history in the place. There are photos on the walls of all the stars who have visited. Being interested in old NYC glamour it was amazing to think of the people who have been there over the past 80 years. I love that it’s a family run restaurant and think this shines through. We were made to feel instantly welcome, I liked the bread being served to us as we perused the menu (this doesn’t seem to happen as much at home anymore), the service was great, the gentlemen serving us knew exactly when to offer another round of drinks and coffees etc, the food was delicious, Italian cuisine is my favourite but this was really tasty, massive portions as well, you won’t leave hungry! We were just there for lunch so had a main course each, puttanesca and spaghetti & meatballs, both excellent. I’d love to go back at night for dinner, hopefully next time…. There was a nice buzz about the place and chef Sal came over to our table to speak to us which I thought was a lovely touch- highly recommend this restaurant!
Celebrated my 70th birthday by gathering family at Patsy’s. Such a wonderful evening. Our server was outstanding and the entire meal was fabulous. We would DEFINITELY return to Patsy’s is we are ever again in NYC. Thank you Patsy’s.
This was a quintessential Italian restaurant with outstanding service and the best meatball. Our waiter, Nick, did a great job and had a great sense of humor. The wine list is extensive and has some great choices. Wonderful place for dinner before a play.
Great service, great food! Sal and his family could not have been nicer. Cannot wait to go back!From the apps to the main course to the homemade fresh Italian desserts, could not ask for better!
Sal is the best! Him and his family run an amazing restaurant. The food is amazing and very authentic. From the moment we walked in we were treated like family. The food was exceptional. From the appetizers through to dessert, there was not a single thing that wasn’t amazing. We shared baked clams oreganata, Caesar salad, and the mozzarella, tomato and roasted red pepper entrees. For dinner, we enjoyed stuffed calamari, linguine with white clam sauce, rigatoni sorrentino, capellini with meatballs, cannelloni with meat sauce, and a made to order linguine dish with shrimp, clams, hot peppers, in a marechiara sauce. Than the dessert. OMG. Cannoli cake, napoleon cake, carrot cake, chocolate mousse, cannolis. AMAZING. AND ALL HOMEMADE. This place is a must, especially with the history and the ambiance. Ask Sal about Sinatra and some history of the place, he’ll be more than happy to share!Thanks again, Sal, Lisa, Joe, and team! 
Excelente lugar para tener una cena en pareja! Precios altos pero accesibles! La comida es deliciosa y la atención del personal y del dueño excelente !
Excellent restaurant italien dans la tradition new-yorkaise des restaurants avec nappes, tables bien séparées, serveurs bien habillés Les assiettes sont servies copieusement Il reste que c’est un peu trop cher
I do not usually do posts about restaurants I’ve been to but this one especially deserves a post. My daughter is turning 13 and we had a great day in the city. It was early but we wanted to grab a bite before heading home. We had been the Patsys in the past but this was special. It was her choice because she loves the ravioli meal. I personally love the baked artichoke hearts(and now the rigatoni sorentino). The owner came over and wished her a happy birthday with desert and a bottle of sauce to take home. Thank you Patsys for yet another wonderful meal. 
Patsy’s was recommended and we were not disappointed. They accommodated us without a reservation and we were very well looked after. The owner/chef also visited each table to greet us and check we were being looked after which was a lovely touch. We ordered salad to share with pasta and they brought it out on two plates for ease which was appreciated. The zucchini friti was out of this world, the bread was fresh delicious and light. We chose the homemade pasta which was really good with a delicious sauce. Will definitely return on our next visit to NYC.
Me and my son visited this restaurant as my son is a huge Frank Sinatra fan, so glad we did, not only was the food amazing, the atmosphere and staff were too. The manager took great pride in meeting his guests and asking if they are enjoying their food, which we did, immensely. He took the time to tell us tales of his grandad and Frank Sinatra and showed us where he used to sit. An amazing experience all round, I would highly recommend a visit if your in Manhattan. 
I was in the mood for some really good Italian food and happened to be in the west 50s shopping at Nordstrom. Then I figured I’d I treat myself and go to Patsys usually a special occasion place. The food was even better than I remember from pre COVID days.Started out with the the best stracciatella I think I ever had. I chose to have it with noodles and it nearly a meal in its self.Then I had the baked clams oreganata prepared with just the right size flavorful little necks and correct amount of perfect breadcrumbs for my taste. The fresh Italian bread soaked up the garlic infused olive oil. Was so good I had to order it 2x. My next dish was the perfect Caesar Salad. This is something I can’t find anywhere the way I like. This was better than any steakhouse I’ve been to in the city. You can identify all the ingredients. They all pop. The mustard ( Dijon ?), egg, lemon and a generous amount of fresh Parmesan. A glass of house recommended white, expresso and I was done. Next time I will save enough room for their incredible deserts. I meant to ask if they still have sfogliatell(a)? Smartly dressed crowd, really great service, beautiful restaurant and a really involved management. A true destination spot.
If you are in the city for a show or just visiting and looking for an incredible, authentic italian dinner… Patsy’s Italian restaurant is the place to go. Family owned and operated by 3 generations, Patsy’s has delicious dishes! We had fried zucchini flowers, the pork-chop and fettuccine alfredo. The homemade pasta was so delicate and light…. I ate every ounce of it! The pork chop was tender and very tasty. We could have eaten an entire plate of the fried zucchini flowers! Sal & Lisa are the consummate hosts and greet every person eating there as if they were family. We willDefinitely be going back!
My husband is still racing about this place! Sal, the owner visited our table and spent a ton of time with explained some history and made us feel so special! I didn’t realize I had been buying his pasta sauces over the years. It was so much fun, delicious food, large portions, and wonderful service! This place should be on your list of things you must do in NYC! Close to the theatre district! 
If you want awesome old school Italian look no further. Service is great food awesome portions are generous. You def won’t leave hungry or be disappointed!!
If you want amazing Italian food and authentic NYC history this is the place. Owned and operated by the family for 80 yrs and 4 generations, you still see the owner love in the kitchen and dining room. We have been coming for 12 yrs and still love it!“There are restaurants you go to, and restaurants you go back to!”
Absolutely had an amazing time dining here. Everything is perfect! The food and the people are wonderful.
Classic old school Italian cuisine like Grandma used to make. Sal and his staff were very welcoming and made us feel like we were having Sunday family dinner on a Wednesday! We will definitely be back next time we are in the city!
Patsy’s was a true family experience! The food was delicious and the staff was excellent. The owner, Sal, was very nice and made sure we felt right at home. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting New York City!!
“Patsy’s” is both Wayne’s and my favorite Italian restaurant in all of Manhattan!Sal is a super guy, and the staff is also friendly and so accommodating. They all make us feel special each time we come for dinner.👍💕I had the Cannelloni, which is out-of-this-world…Wayne had Chicken Picata. MANGIA! 
We were all so excited to make it back to the city, mostly so we could head to Patsy’s for dinner. We certainly were not disappointed! Amazing food and wonderful service! Thank you to Sal and everyone at Patsy’s for making a great experience for our family. Can’t wait to come back again!
Excellent food and the wait staff was great! . Atmosphere felt Italian. I ordered stuffed calamari.
Good food and attentive service. Sal gave us an impromptu tour of the upstairs when my daughter mentioned she was a Sinatra fan. 
GREAT FOOD! Sal and family are super. The staff are top notch. Makes me feel like home... The food was so good, tasted just like my mother as in the kitchen.Thank you Sal, you are #1
A fantastic experience from Lisa at front desk to all the staff and the food …….. incredible. Tasty fresh authentic. Highly recommend to anyone visiting NYC. We have been before and it’s excellent but had 2 very fussy teens this time around and they finished everything including the amazing dessert. Can’t recommend enough
We dined at Patsy's before seeing a Broadway show. A 5:00 reservation was perfect for an 8:00 show. The staff was attentive & pleasant. The food was delicious!! Every single thing we ate was so tasty & so fresh!! We shared everything we ordered. We had the roasted red peppers, tomato & mozzarella, the clams oreganata, & the chicken piccata. Definitely save room for dessert!! The cannoli & chocolate cake were a perfect ending to our meal. We also enjoyed the cappuccino!! We've been coming to NYC for many years. I don't know how we didn't stumble upon this restaurant sooner. There were so many more things on the menu that we wanted to try. This is old school Italian at its very best!! We will definitely be back!! 
Another outstanding dinner at Patsy’s on West 56 Street in Manhattan. Sal Scognamillo continues cooking and managing this restaurant as if one is a guest at his home. The food and ambiance remain first rate. Highly recommended.
Dès le départ on fait face à du personnel agressif et totalement antipathique. La nourriture est assez médiocre par contre le prix n'est pas du tout médiocre. Et attention littéralement ils vous forcent à laisser 25% de pourboire. Si si je parle bien de 25% obligatoire pour un personnel antipathique.Plus jamais!
I recently visited Patsy's with my friend Ray Negron, after he's expressed to me multiple times how historic and amazing the food was at this restaurant. He surely was correct. Not only was the meal delicious, but he introduced me to his friend, Sal, the owner, and he shared some historic events that happened at that restaurant. Based on the pictures hung up on the walls as well, I felt like I was a part of history. Sal and his staff were extremely kind and the service was truly professional. I will certainly plan on visiting Patsy's again very soon, as I highly recommend you coming out for a nice meal here. And make sure you say hi to Sal if you will be stopping by. His generosity and story telling is something you wouldn't want to miss.
An excellent authentic pasta restaurant, great food & Wine & thank you to Nik our waiter who was excellent and friendly. 
A great lunch just before going to see Back to the future on Broadway. This family run restaurant is and has always been the best in NYC. They never fail to impress with hone maid specialties. It’s truly a five star restaurant among much competition, 
As usual, the most delicious Italian food ever, served in generous portions with reasonable pricing. The service is wonderful, quick and courteous. Be sure to say hello to Sal, owner and executive chef, a sweetheart of a guy, who runs this great establishment. A visit to NYC is not complete unless you top it off with a visit to Patsy's!
Food not great, used to be better. They forgot my husbands order and gave us a free piece of stale cake. Tables or practically on top of each other to get the most people in. To crowded. They also leave a cart with cakes on it in the middle if the isle where people are passing and practically over the cakes to get by. No thank you..
My husband brought me to NYC for my big birthday. We are from Scotland. When a waiter came over, he tried to get me to drink whisky, wine etc. But I dont drink alcohol much so asked for lemonade. When it came, he slammed the glass down - cue the side eye with hubby ... no need for it. Not everyone drinks. I asked for a pasta dish - hubby had a veal dish. He enjoyed his food, but I felt mine could have tasted better - even with parmesan on top, it didn't taste great. I can eat better pasta dishes in restaurants in Scotland. In-fact while sitting there, I wished I was at my favourite restaurant in Aberdeen instead.Big disappointment as it was my birthday dinner .... If in NYC again, I would not eat here again. Just my opinion.
I went with a 4 star due to the service. It was excellent. The food was average for Italian. The Calamari and it's sauce was an exception, it was excellent. The shared Caesar Salad, the Eggplant Parma, the three types of Ravioli, and the Spaghetti and Meatballs were all average dishes at best.It is fine dining so out the door at $200 for three people in NYC is an okay value. 
Spent a weekend in NYC just after July 4th and had dinner at Patsy’s Italian Restaurant in the theater district. The meals and service were wonderful. Sal Scognamillo now owns the restaurant his grandfather started and I was thrilled to be eating in Frank Sinatra’s favorite NYC Italian restaurant. Sal was so gracious to everyone and came by several times to ask if everything was fine. He gave me the treat of a lifetime by giving us a tour of the restaurant and showing us Frank’s private entrance and his table. Thank you, Sal, for a memorable meal and evening. I highly recommend Patsy’s for fine food at a reasonable price. They treat you like family!
Absolutely wonderful experience. Food was fresh and plentiful and service was being treated by the family you like! We mentioned it was our 25th anniversary and a free tiramisu was brought to our table with a candle in it. It was such a kind gesture. 
LOVED Patsy’s!!! The manicotti is the best I’ve ever had! So fresh & the pasta cooked perfectly! Sal made a point to come to our table & ask us how we were doing. He even spent time telling us some of the family history of this charming and cozy restaurant. Being here felt like a warm hug & I’m going back!
Patsy's was the best dinner experience our family had in New York. First of all, the food was delicious - classic Italian dishes that were really well made, with fresh, high-quality ingredients. The pastas were great, especially the ravioli trio, and the veal Milanese I had was absolutely delicious. The dessert cart was rolling around all night, tempting us, and sure enough the cannoli cake was out of this world. The food by itself won me over pretty easily, but we also loved the history here. This was Frank Sinatra's favorite restaurant (and many other celebrities have been here, just check out Wikipedia), but history also came from the table next to us, where someone told us that he has been coming to Patsy's for 30 years, and the table on the other side of us, a couple from Canada who had heard about Patsy's there. This was like going to an Italian family home that has been in NYC for 80 years, which is devoted to making great Italian food but also to tradition and family and friends.. And then Sal comes out - chef/owner/proprietor - and chatted with us for a while just talking about food and history and New York. Super nice guy and proud of his great restaurant, and that personality coming from the top tends to also be expressed by the whole staff, which was great too. Got a great picture too with Sal and myself and my wife and my daughters. My only regret was that it wasn't lasagna night, or else I might have ordered that to go too, but we will be back. You made some life-long customers going forward Sal, nice job, and we will see you again for sure the next time we are in New York.
We recently dined at Patsy's before attending a show at Radio City Music Hall. My daughter had an awesome Caesar salad with the Rigatoni Cacciatore - the Caesar salad was very fresh with a perfectly balanced dressing; the Rigatoni was delicious and again, the melding of the flavors was exceptional. I had the mixed greens salad that was also very fresh and arrived perfectly dressed - I enjoyed the Chef Sal's combo which was Chicken Parmigiana with tortellini; it was excellent! Absolutely loved the sauce (in both dishes!!) Both our dinners were fantastic and we also wanted to thank Patsy's for the welcoming atmosphere. Our waiter was an elderly gentleman who made our dining experience exceptional; we appreciated his suggestions and friendly, professional service. We enjoyed meeting Chef Sal and look forward to returning next time we are in NYC. We came in as strangers but left as friends - thank you for a memorable dinner and we hope to visit again soon! (and we would like to get that cookbook!!) Highly recommend!
We love this place. The food is amazing and Sal is simply the best. What we loved most was the spaghetti and meatballs. Also don’t forget to leave room for dessert. The cakes are fresh and delicious. We can’t wait to go back!
We had another chance to eat at our favorite, Patsy’s, this weekend. As always, it did not disappoint. From the freshly baked and perfectly seasoned clams appetizer special, to my wonderful favorite lasagna, to the napoleon cake and tiramisu we shared, every bite was better than the last, if that is even possible. That combined with the wonderful service and warm hospitality we always receive from Sal, his family and his staff, make Patsy’s the best restaurant in Manhattan for us. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for an outstanding meal and service.
Exceptional restaurant! My wife and I ate here during a short stay in NYC. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was terrific.
Patsy’s never disappoints!We’ve been going there for decades and Sal treats everyone like family - can’t wait to get back!
One of a kind authentic Italian cuisine. We love that we are always greeted by the head executive chef. Sal. He has such kind eyes and speaks softly. As a NYC born gal, I love good food. I keep coming back here for the great food, great conversation and friendly staff.
Visiting from Rhode Island - My favorite place in NYC! This was our first visit back since the pandemic, so glad to see that they are thriving, and the food and service are both what we remember. #1 must visit restaurant in the city for an authentic Italian meal.
Always top quality and service. The owner and staff are extremely friendly and accommodating. The food is always delicious and top notch. I come every year for my birthday for a reason…they make you feel like family.
Patsy’s is the best Italian restaurant in Midtown Manhattan! My family & I have been coming here for years. The food, atmosphere & drinks are just perfect. When you go, make sure to ask for Nick! Great waiter-very attentive & does a great job! Don’t miss out on this great restaurant experience. 
First time at the restaurant, but always have wanted to go. Been following on Facebook for years. Known spot for celebs, including my fav Frank Sinatra. Food was phenomenal. Staff very friendly. Met the owner and chef, Sal. Very nice. Maybe I will end up on the wall someday like a celebrity. 😆 Thank you Sal, and thanks Nick for your photography skills!
Just nipped out for dinner for our last night in New York and literally came across this restaurant by accident!!!!! What a fantastic surprise!!! The food and service was outstanding ( especially Nick!!!). The best meal we have had over the four weeks of being on holiday and probably the best Italian meal we have ever had…..thank you very much
We ate here during our family girls trip and loved it. All 8 of us got something different and every single thing was delicious! The service was great and we had a blast!
The ambience and service were excellent but the food was mediocre at best. Truly expected more from this once great Italian restaurant which feels more like a tourist trap now with high prices to match.
Great food, service and ambience. We really enjoyed this restaurant and we will definitely return! Kudos to all at the restaurant.
I wish I could share in the enthusiasm of many for this place. It is definitely "old school" Italian, with the photos of old celebs on the wall etc. But the food was mediocre, even below average for Italian food in NYC. My friends and I felt our dishes were just a chunk of meat / fish / pasta with some sauce poured over it. No elegance in the food, just the kind of staple you might make at home on an average night. They should focus on reinventing or fine-tuning their plates, perhaps some new chefs in the kitchen are in order? It would be a shame to let a historic place like this go downhill because the food is so uninspiring.
Another little gem! It was very quiet when we went, but the food was great and just what we were looking for! Would gladly come back again and recommend to friends.
Fabulous dinner tonight! All the food was delicious, the service was excellent. We had a 5 pm reservation on a Thursday, and it wasn’t crowded. Sal greeted us at the door and also came to see how our food was. That felt very special! Our entire family had fun looking at all the famous people in photographs. I had the chicken parm, it was huge and so yummy. Kids had spaghetti and meatballs, hubby had the ravioli. Excellent, would recommend! 
We came here for my daughter’s birthday dinner. All of our meals were fantastic. The best tomato sauce I’ve ever had. Highly recommend Chef Sal’s Combo. All our meals were amazing.
LOVED Patsy’s!!! The manicotti is the best I’ve ever had! So fresh & the pasta cooked perfectly! Sal made a point to come to our table & ask us how we were doing. He even spent time telling us some of the family history of this charming and cozy restaurant. Being here felt like a warm hug & I’m going back!
Patsy's was the best dinner experience our family had in New York. First of all, the food was delicious - classic Italian dishes that were really well made, with fresh, high-quality ingredients. The pastas were great, especially the ravioli trio, and the veal Milanese I had was absolutely delicious. The dessert cart was rolling around all night, tempting us, and sure enough the cannoli cake was out of this world. The food by itself won me over pretty easily, but we also loved the history here. This was Frank Sinatra's favorite restaurant (and many other celebrities have been here, just check out Wikipedia), but history also came from the table next to us, where someone told us that he has been coming to Patsy's for 30 years, and the table on the other side of us, a couple from Canada who had heard about Patsy's there. This was like going to an Italian family home that has been in NYC for 80 years, which is devoted to making great Italian food but also to tradition and family and friends.. And then Sal comes out - chef/owner/proprietor - and chatted with us for a while just talking about food and history and New York. Super nice guy and proud of his great restaurant, and that personality coming from the top tends to also be expressed by the whole staff, which was great too. Got a great picture too with Sal and myself and my wife and my daughters. My only regret was that it wasn't lasagna night, or else I might have ordered that to go too, but we will be back. You made some life-long customers going forward Sal, nice job, and we will see you again for sure the next time we are in New York.
Our family had a great time. It was friendly, nice, and delicious. The salmon was the best I’ve had! The ambiance was great, too! Would return!
Right away upon entry, I had a feeling of calm quiet elegance. The service, Nick, impeccable! We had the lunch special Chicken Franciase, with side salad and a fantastic pasta fagioli soup. We were served a plate of fried zucchini sticks— fantastic! We love the pasta dishes, vodka sauce very nice, and a great Fra Diablo sauce. Dessert were include so we had chocolate mousse cake and teramisu cake. So good! And a bonus dessert served cheerfully for our birthday girl!
Our food was delicious. We started with an appetizer special that was mushrooms and that was very unique and delicious. I had the spaghetti and meatballs and it was amazing. Our service was great and a all round great experience.
What a find!! The ambience the moment you walk through the door was superb, Jordan looked after us so well, very attentive. The pasta was one of the best we’ve had and Sal was so kind to enable us to view the Frank Sinatra room which was the icing on the cake, thank you for a wonderful experience in NYC, the best night out! 
My husband and I dined at Patsy’s on a Sunday evening; it was comfortably full. This is an old-school Italian restaurant, a classic, with walls line with photos of all the famous folks who have dined there. The service was good, the food was good (except for the eggplant rollatini appetizer, which was excellent)! The wine list was short and limited, but sufficient for most folks. All in all, a pleasant meal.
DELICIOUS, AMAZING, WONDERFUL! ***Now where to begin for this review:Our server Dez was fantastic, the Sommelier or floor manager was very attentive. Sal, well he was just the nicest person who while speaking to my family and I made us feel like we were apart of his Familia! We visited for dinner as a family (7 of us), my 7yo included. The food was out of this world! The homemade Caesar dressing, the fettucine alfredo - OMG! Lightest and just incredible. The meat sauce and meatballs - MOLTO BENE! The chocolate mousse cake with its chocolate ribbons --- HEAVENLY! Truly an experience. The only way it could be better is if it were closer to me so I could visit more often. Thank you for an amazing dinner and experience.
Met my wonderful friends at Patsy's for a late lunch which turned into a few hours of a fabulous experience!! The food was amazing and the owner and staff were so engaging!! The owner shared wonderful stories of the family run restaurant. The walls are decorated with photos of fabulous, famous folks that dine at this establishment. A must on everyone's list.
I cannot rave more strongly about my experience at Patsy's. The absolute best traditional old-school Neapolitan cooking, huge portions, and the warm hospitality of dropping by your favorite uncle's home for Sunday dinner! Many favorites on the menu, but several dishes you simply do no find anywhere else! Stuffed zucchini flowers!?!? Are you kidding me? WOW! Delicious!!! Love the eggplant rollatini and stuffed calamari. The best vodka and putanesca sauces I've EVER had. Very attentive and professional wait staff. If you have a show to catch, let them know and they will get you out on time. If not, they'll make sure you have a comfortable and leisurely dining experience. Sal, the owner, is sure to stop by to welcome you and make sure everything is perfecto! Hands down my favorite dining experience in all of NYC. It just doesn't get better than this
Absolutely love this restaurant! It is a must if you go to NYC. Patsy’s has all the Italian dishes my family has made through the years. Excellent food, so close to my Italian mother’s cooking and you are treated like family. Sal, the chef and owner makes you feel welcome and like a friend. Wait until you see the menu! The biggest problem you will have is trying to decide what you want to eat. You will want it all! Love the classic restaurant look too. 
Amazing home made pasta. The staff were so friendly and Nick looked after us so well. And the deserts!!!!!!!!
An incredible experience. The service Nick provided was authentic and outstanding, the food absolutely delicious and OH that chocolate cream cake was divine. There is nothing I could fault, we had an amazing time. You should make this a top place to eat.
Exceptional meal and service in this well established Italian restaurant. Giving amazing flavors with most friendly service.Would DEFINITELY recommend.Nick, our server, was fantastic and made the evening so memorable. Thank you. 
Fabulous service, delicious food and loved the special attention from the owner/cook!! The food was fantastic, huge portions and loved everything!! Thank you for caring about your customers! It was perfect! I’ll be back to your restaurant!
We asked for a Chianti and the waiter said you’ll like this one. It was not a Chianti. Having just been in Italy for a few weeks and grown up in an Italian neighborhood in another state, this was not the fare I’m used to. The Lasagna was very bland and needed salt. I feel like they’re still capitalizing on Frank Sinatra having eaten there 20+ years ago. The deserts were sitting out on a trolly for everyone to walk by, at room temperature for who knows how many hours. I would never order that. Won’t be back.
Visited on my birthday for lunch. More than an amazing meal, it was an experience! Atmosphere, servers and Sal himself were all so warm and welcoming. Loved seeing all the history behind the restaurant. More than I had expected. 
Fairly average Italian food with above average prices. Luke warm eggplant starter. Tasty though. Meatballs were good. Shrimp slightly rubbery. $9 wine for $60.
Don't miss this place if you are in NYC, Best Italian ever. The owner comes out and visits with everybody and will make anything that you want whether it is on the menu or not. The waiters and all very accommodating. There were 4 of us in our group and everybody was completely satisfied. I will make the a regular stop whenever I am in NYC. 
Enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Patsy’s with my daughters after seeing a Broadway show. Sal who is the owner/chef was so gracious and the food and service and our waiter Francesco was exceptional. From our cocktails, appetizers, main course & dessert, we loved, and devoured, every morsel of food. If you are in New York please stop by Patsys’s for a wonderful meal and say hello to Sal. You won’t be disappointed! 
Had lunch at Patsy’s last Sunday. It was fantastic. Spaghetti and veal meatballs was my order. The best. Our waiter, Nick, took us upstairs to the room Sinatra used to use. Great fun. Thanks Nick.
Talk about delicious old school Italian dishes. The wine is great, great customer service, decadent sweets. Sal the owner was super welcoming. This place will not disappoint your tastebuds 👍🏻
Great food and excellent staff! Full of pics of stars that have eaten there. Highly recommend ! Not overly expensive, great safe location. I had chicken piccata 
Absolutely excellent. I went with my family and I ordered the sausage pizziola and it was delicious. The staff was so nice and welcoming they made me a birthday cake and were telling actually funny jokes. They gave me a free jar of meat sauce because it was my birthday. Overall absolutely amazing my waiter Nick was especially great the best Italian restaurant in the city.
The restaurant was impeccable in terms of service, quality, and cleanliness. The prices were more than fair as a cherry on top. What really makes this place a MUST GO though is the staff. Nick was our waiter, and he was not only attentive, friendly, and quick, but humorous aswell! All the staff that checked in on us were lovely aswell. What we ordered for dinner, appetizers, and dessert: gnocchi and potato’s, ravioli, chicken Parmesan, hot sausage, Artichokes, fried zucchini, caprese salad,Cannoli Cake, Tiramisu, and napoleon. Not a single thing on this list was flawed. I’ll be thinking about that tiramisu till I kick the bucket.
Everything was great! We thoroughly enjoyed the eggplant and chicken parmigiana and the tiramisu and lemon sorbet were an absolutely fantastic ending to our meal. Staff was very attentive and we were able to have a lovely lunch and get to our matinee show with no problem. 
I’ve been here many times and a trip to the city wouldn’t be complete without a meal at Patsy’s! Food was excellent and Sal is always so hospitable. You must try it! 
My husband has wanted to go to this classic Italian place for awhile. The food was exceptional. The veal francese was delicious, the Caesar salad was quite good too. The pastas are all wonderful. And desserts are delicious! But, the setting itself is quite old with no elevator to access the second floor and restrooms which are pretty rustic. Food five stars but setting, facilities not so much. Reason for four stars overall.
Best eggplant Parmesan I’ve ever had. The rigatoni sorentino was also amazing. Fun atmosphere, we went before a show at 5:30 and it was already packed. Highly recommend.
I always feel like family when I eat here. My family is from Naples and this is the next best thing to my Nonna’s cooking. Chef Sal is the best and there’s a reason it’s been around for almost 80 years! 11/10 must try!
Pros:1. they give you enough bread and butter to feed a small village. 2. The sauce that comes with the calamari appetizer is delicious. Cons: 1. Though they hand make their fettuccine noodles, there was zero flavor in the sauce. I felt like I was eating better noodles. I had to ask for extra cheese to put on and try to give it an ounce of flavor. 2. Manicotti gets a 4/10, it seemed like it was premade and thrown in the oven to warm up.
This was the worst experience in NYC. The food was cold and subpar, service was also subpar and rude. After a less than a great dining experience they then tried to shake us down for more money. We had been very generous in our tip they asked for more money. We were treated like a patsy at Patsy’s. They do not check your coat. This restaurant is way over priced for the quality of food.
If you are looking for a true authentic Italian meal, this is it! From the service to the cuisine, 5 Stars! If you are a Sinatra Fan this is your place! Just ask Sal!
Patsy's was amazing. The people there would not have been nicer if they tried. I mett Chef Sal and it was a treat, he told Sinatra stories and even gave me sitkcets to add to my cookbooks at home so that they were signed. Cannot recommend enough!
Delicious food, amazing atmosphere! This restaurant is New York City! The owners Sal and Lisa take such pride in their business!💜
Always fantastic service and food. Very accommodating and friendly. Spot on every time we have visited. Love this place and plan to vear here every time we come back.
All I got say 5stars everyone so friendly and food was delicious came in from LA will recommend it to all my friends when they come to New York to eat here. Owner Sal came to our table to check on us. Just great service and food. 
Amazing service and amazing food. I was recommended this restaurant by someone I met at a Yankees game, not only was the chicken parm and calamari sauce amazing but the family that owns this restaurant makes the environment very comfy and special. I highly recommend and I am looking forward to returning soon!
Went for my birthday and couldnt have asked for more. The food was top notch from soup to nuts! The service, the staff and of course Sal coming to the table was the highlight of my night, he couldnt of been nicer. Felt like I knew him forever and felt like family. Even the patrons there were great, friendly and fun. I have been a Frank Sinatra fan since I was a kid and to be there , the ambiance was incredible. Couldn't of asked for a better birthday celebration...can't wait to go back!
This restaurant is very crowded with tables very close to each other. It lends to a very loud ambience. Food is okay but quite slaty. I don’t understand the great reviews. I would recommend trying a different place
Top notch food, atmosphere and service. Sal and his wife make you feel like family. Love coming here! The stuffed calamari was to die for.
Lugar agradável. Equipe gentil e disposta a atender a todos os clientes. Mesmo sem reservas. Pratos bem servidos, saborosos e quentes. Até voltamos para provar outros pratos especiais da casa.
You can't get any better than Patsy's! Sal, Lisa, and Joe ALWAYS treat us like family! Food and service are second to none! On a scale from 1 to 10, Patsy's is a 100! Definitely see you soon!
Patsy’s is always a great time. We love the traditional feeling and the service is top notch. The food is very delicious! We love it when Owner/Chef Sal Scognamillo makes the rounds and makes us feel very welcome!
Restaurante al que fuimos recomendados y fue una muy grata experiencia, Sal su dueño y chef fue personalmente saludando a cada mesa lo que nos pareció un gesto excepcional ya que se ve por las fotos que muchas personalidades han visitado el restaurante y han dejado recuerdos para su dueño.La comida exquisita! El personal muy amable en todo momento, mi hijo estaba de cumpleaños y accedieron a poner una vela en un trozo de pastel y cantar el Happy birthday para el, por último solicitamos tomarnos una fotografía con Sal, su dueño a lo que accedió de inmediato y fue muy amable, lo que nos pareció realmente un agrado.Cien por ciento recomendable y sin duda volveríamos allá en una próxima visita a Nueva York, felicitaciones Sal y muchas gracias!!
Amazing meal! Such great, friendly staff and fantastic owners. The food was unbelievably great. Four friends and I came in in between pure conference sessions famished but Pasteys had no problem fixing that. All of us spent the rest of our night talking about how amazing our dinner was and spreading the word. Cannot wait to dine here again! 5 stars
This restaurant was fabulous. The chef was superb. The meal was divine best meal we had in New York during our week vacation. Service was impeccable. Very family oriented. Literally the food was soooo outstanding. FIVE ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️
Unbelievable Authentic Italian family restaurant Sal and his staff always rolled out the red carpet and the food is absolutely delicious. The shrimp scampi and tiramisu is a must. Our 20 years of coming to NYC for birthdays and anniversaries it’s always on our list. Patsy’s is the Best Italian restaurant in NYC.. It’s our Home!
Great food and drink and even better company! They treat you like family as soon as you arrive. Sal makes time to come out and personally see how you are doing. Will be back again and again! Thank you, Sal!
Restauranten serverte en tallerken med en stålstreng i maten, og beklaget seg nesten ikke for dette, vedkommende ble presset på en ny tallerken med mat og ved måltidets slutt greide de å søle tomatsaus på flere som satt ved bordet under avryddingen, på dette tidspunkt ba vi om regningen og der krevde de fast tips på besøket vårt noe som ikke var tilfellet på noen av de andre restaurabtbesøkene denne uken på Manhattan, Svært skuffende og oppsiktsvekkende å finne stålbiter i maten på et slikt sted å bli behandler deretter.
Pâtes très bonnes et réconfortantes par vent glacial. Proposent des plats Family très copieux (nous sommes 4 bons mangeurs dont 2 ados et nous avons eu du mal à finir) à 53 dollars ce qui est pour 4 très acceptable pour Manhattan. Serveurs attentifs et courtois. 
Lovely Italian restaurant great pasta great service in a very nice environment would recommend for anyone to visit
Food was excellent. Always wanted to get here now I have. A true classic place. Also, our waiter seemed to know the deal about reality. Trump 2024!!!
My wife and I love Patsy's - It's been a few years since our last NY trip, so we were long overdo. This is the real deal in New York City Italian dining. It's all authentic, from its history, ambiance, flavors, and service. The restaurant, frequented by Sinatra, is a family enterprise. We had the opportunity to once again chat with chef Sal, who can be seen making the rounds along with his son Joey. We enjoyed the bread service, Caesar salads, and our wine choice. We both ordered the tasty Rigatoni Sorrento, and at request they added sausage to my plate! We also had to share a tasty Patsy's meatball. Our service was terrific. The evening was finished off by sharing desert over coffee. Patsy's has an interesting history - read up before you arrive. It's centrally located off Broadway on 56th street. Great experience!
Excellent Italian food overall. The seating is very tight, tables a bit small and wait staff not as attentive as they should be. While Patsey's is an institution in NYC, I can't give it 5 stars because of the tight seating and staff who really wasn't all there for the needs of their customers. Prices were high but reasonable for NYC. Food as I mentioned was very good as we had a variety of appetizers and solid main entrees.
Our experience was that of a couple who came in hungry for a hearty Italian meal and came out well and truly stuffed to the brim. I had the spaghetti with Neapolitan meatballs and 3 mahoosive meatballs they were. With a glass of Chianti, a cheeky waiter, some nostalgia on the walls of all the celeb customers and Sal the chef checking on us, it was all as per our expectations and more. Keep up the good work.
My wife and I are from Australia! Whenever we come to NYC, the first thing we do is to book into Patsy’s for dinner. This time, it was our wedding anniversary. We absolutely loved the experience again! The team are amazing! The service is impeccable and the food is the best that we have tasted! Do yourself a favour! Get to Patsy’s as soon as you can and get there as often as you can! I am already planning our next visit to NYC just so that we can go to Patsy’s. Hands down the best experience that you will ever have!
We recently dined at Patsy's before attending a show at Radio City Music Hall. My daughter had an awesome Caesar salad with the Rigatoni Cacciatore - the Caesar salad was very fresh with a perfectly balanced dressing; the Rigatoni was delicious and again, the melding of the flavors was exceptional. I had the mixed greens salad that was also very fresh and arrived perfectly dressed - I enjoyed the Chef Sal's combo which was Chicken Parmigiana with tortellini; it was excellent! Absolutely loved the sauce (in both dishes!!) Both our dinners were fantastic and we also wanted to thank Patsy's for the welcoming atmosphere. Our waiter was an elderly gentleman who made our dining experience exceptional; we appreciated his suggestions and friendly, professional service. We enjoyed meeting Chef Sal and look forward to returning next time we are in NYC. We came in as strangers but left as friends - thank you for a memorable dinner and we hope to visit again soon! (and we would like to get that cookbook!!) Highly recommend!
Rang in my 30th birthday at Patsy's Italian Restaurant Patsy’s is very special place and we can’t wait to visit again! We will never forget the wonderful experience we had. The service was stellar and so was the cuisine. The absolute BEST chicken parm I have ever had! We got the chance to meet one of the kindest people I have ever met, Sal and his wife! Sal is a 3rd generation owner and operator of Patsy’s. The restaurant has been owned and operated by Sal’s family since 1944. (The Scognamillo’s)Frank Sanatra was a regular of Patsy’s and many celebrities have stopped by to experience the first class service and love that the family has put into the food and entire experience. You feel like family when you dine there! (And I’m so glad to say I now know why since I have experienced it first hand!) Sal even brought some tiramisu out for me that he made himself! Such a delicious surprise! If you are in NYC please stop in and pay them a visit. They’re located on Manhattan’s west side just south of Central Park!
I recently dined at Patsy’s and it was amazing! The portions are beyond generous. We had clams oreganata to start and I had chicken cacciatora as my main. The clams had the perfect amount of breadcrumbs and garlic. The chicken fell off the bone and the sauce was spectacular. The owner Sal is lovely, he brought us out meatballs to try and wow is all I can say. The service is spot on. The entire staff is so friendly and attentive. Thanks so much Sal, we can’t wait to go back :)
There is ABSOLUTELY no doubt that Patsy's is the gem amongst gems in NY dining. Sal and his team leave nothing out when delivering a first-class experience for all their guests. You may come in thinking you're a customer, but you'll level knowing you are family! Their food selection and service is 2nd to none! Much more than a dining experience, Patsy's is a key part of NY's history. Dating back to the 1940's, Sal and his family never miss a beat and are constantly making the best even better. If you want to give yourself a REAL treat, pick up copies of their family cookbooks too, and ask Sal to sign them for you - something he's most happy to do.I can't recommend them any higher... and neither will you. Tommy D.
We love Patsy’s. Always have, always will. Leaving this review because it’s really important to stress just how much bad service can effect an experience. We used to live in NYC and came here all the time,—always a delight. We were SO excited to back after four years away from the city. Sadly, our waiter was indifferent at best and made us feel marginalized. He read the specials to every other table but us (maybe he didn’t think he’d make much money from us?) and we felt like he was doing us a favor for even being there. We were very nice to him but left feeling sad. Again, we’ll be back because the food is so good and the history is essential NYC. Just disappointed.
Sal, the owner, was absolutely amazing! He came to each and every table and asked the patrons how the food was. He went even further and arranged a private tour for us of the private Frank Sinatra room! He was incredibly friendly and shared stories about meeting Sinatra.Nick, our waiter was just as friendly and very attentive to our every need.The food was absolutely superb! She had the cheese ravioli. I had the Fra Diavolo with cherry peppers! Spicy and amazing! We split the Italian bread pudding that was out of this world delicious!We picked up Sal's books which have stories and recipes in them!I most highly recommend a visit to Patsy's when in New York!
If I could rate 100 stars I would!!! As a huge Sinatra fan and lover of Italian food, a friend and I stopped in on a cold Sunday afternoon. What happened next has had me raving about this restaurant to everyone. Not only was the food exceptional and service impeccable, but the way I was welcomed by server Nick and Owner Sal warmed my heart. Nick was so hospitable and accommodating to every dining need and the Owner/ Chef Sal Scognamillo personally came around to welcome everyone and ask how all were doing. Getting to meet Sal was an experience I will never forget! He told stories of his memories meeting Mr. Frank Sinatra and then also gave a tour of the lounge and table where he once dined! As well, took the time to autograph his cook books that hold stories and recipes from over the years! Just an amazing experience over all and we left feeling warmed and full from our time there! I cant wait to go back and make this my number 1 NY spot! When your in NY, find a piece of family at PATSY's and make a memory of your own!
Everyone was very friendly, portions were huge and delicious. The chef came out to say hello and make sure everything was good. Lots of garlic.
This was such an amazing restaurant and experience. The cook came out in formally met us, and he was amazing. Not to mention his food was out of this world. This is definitely a must stop if you are coming to New York. We will always come back.
На фоне небрежного, можно сказать хамского отношения официанта, даже заказанные блюда показались очень посредственными.
Patsy’s is warm, welcoming & classic Italian. You cannot go wrong here. It’s been around forever & is consistently wonderful. Owner & chef Sal walks around & personally greets every table that enters his establishment. He takes time to welcome & thank people. You don’t see this anywhere nowadays. It’s impressive & part of why people continue to come back. For people complaining about being asked to remove their hats, you sound ridiculous. It is proper etiquette to remove your hat at dinner or a table. Moving on - The wine options are endless. The food is delicious. Some of our groups favorites are Sal’s combo, the stuffed calamari, rigatoni cacciatore & the manicotti. The waitstaff are all personable, patient & kind. The whole experience is so enjoyable. Thank you Sal & staff for staying true to traditions & making delicious food!
We love this place. The food is amazing and Sal is simply the best. What we loved most was the spaghetti and meatballs. Also don’t forget to leave room for dessert. The cakes are fresh and delicious. We can’t wait to go back!
Highly recommend visiting this restaurant! Great food, atmosphere and extremely friendly staff. The owner took the time to stop at our table and say hi. If you are in NYC you should stop by.
We booked Patsy’s from the UK ready for our trip between Christmas and New Year 2022. From the moment we entered the restaurant we were made go feel welcome. The staff were awesome and made us feel like we were the only people there. The food was out of this world. I had the Ravioli stuffed with cheese which was sublime. My husband had a chicken dish (can’t remember the name of it, but it was lovely). The chef even came out and spoke to us for a while as well. We went here because the reviews on Trip Advisor were so good and we were not disappointed. We will definitely go back if we come to NYC again.
Simply fantastic! From start to finish. Amazing service, delightfully charming waiters. We could not have asked for a more welcoming experience and delicious authentic Italian food to top it all off. The artichoke starter was out of this world and the pasta with clams was the best I’ve ever had. We will be returning before the end of our trip 🤩
Patsys Restaurant is our favorite place to eat when we go to NY. Best Italian cuisine. We're italian , fussy and I love to cook. This is like being home again the warmth, friendliness, Chef Sal is phenomenal and so caring to whatever dietary needs you may keeping authentic taste. Enjoy, go make a reservation and mungia mumgia to your hearts content Salute 
Our family dined at Patsy’s before seeing a show on Broadway. Great location, the restaurant is so comfortable and beautifully decorated. Amazing Italian food made by a family who has owned the restaurant for 3 generations. The owner came around and spoke to everyone and made it feel even more like a family dinner. Thank you for making our day in the city so complete and beautiful!
My family of 4 felt that Patsy’s was overall the best Italian restaurant ever. The food was exceptional, the staff friendly and attentive and the vibe just right. Everything we ordered from the Caesar salad to the entrees was delicious. We went back the next day to buy a gift certificate to give to our cousin.
Great Italian pasta place with a lovely ambience! The warm rolls served before the meal was also a lovely start to our supper.
I've been dining at Patsy's close to 10 years now. I visit NYC about 5 times a year and this is the only restaurant I dine at. I've been to many restaurants in the city but nothing beats the atmosphere and authentic taste of Patsy's. Something that I enjoy is that I never feel rushed. The service is probably some of the best in NYC. Patsy's Chef, Sal has done a great job at continuing the legacy. He really puts his heart into the food. I have yet to have a bad meal here. You are treated as if you are one of the many stars that have dined here.
The food was fantastic, and the service was no less memorable. It can be tough to feel at home when in nyc but here they nail it. A warm environment with delicious authentic Italian food. There's good reason this place is so well known, and I'm excited to go back for more. (Calamari was unbelievable!!)
We had the best service, food and laughs! The staff is top notch and attentive, while the food is comforting and delicious!! We recommended it to serval visitors that we met while in town too!! Five stars for sure and we will definitely be back! Thanks Sal we appreciate the hospitality 🖤
Friends, if you want the experience of a great family dinner with delicious food in a warm, friendly setting, Patsys is the ideal place. Owner and chef Sal Scognamillo is the consummate host . The menu is vast and has everything you could want or imagine in an Italian kitchen. Everything on the menu is authentic and cooked to perfection. The wait staff are excellent and attentive. Overall, a sublime dining experience.
Celebrating our 40th anniversary in NYC and was looking for a nice Italian dinner. Came across Patsy's and the menu was just what we were looking for. We called early and got a reservation for 8pm. We arrived and this place was packed! Old style decor, but this place pulls it off with their "Top Shelf" service and commitment to provide a dinning experience that you won't forget. We started with the Eggplant Rollatine - could've ate this all night long. Main dish, I got the Spaghetti and Meatballs (I know, really?? but it's a favorite) homemade pasta, homemade sauce and meatballs made the real way - beef, pork & veal...Unbelievable! My better half choose the Manicotti, again all homemade and I don't know what they did with the cheese, but it was delicious! Dessert, we shared a slice of Cannoli cake and it was the perfect ending to fabulous dinner. I have to mention our waiter, Eddie, who gave us 110% all while taking care of his other guest. Made us feel welcomed.Patsy's is well known among the celebrities, as this is evident from the photos. Make the call, get the reservation. You will not be disappointed.
We went because the reviews were very good, but unfortunately the service was poor because the attitude of the waiter was just insulting. The food was ok, but you go to a restaurant to have a good experience, not just good food. So we had a bad, bad experience. Food cost money, attitude is for free. We won't be back to this restaurant.
Pasty’s has been my favorite restaurant in NYC since I was little. I love the old school Italian vibes. The staff is so friendly and the food is even better! 100/10
Patsy in NYC is a staple. They make you feel like family, the food is top notch! I would recommend to every person I know. The best experience in NYC! Go you won’t regret it, best around !
My families destination for tens of years. Never have had an issue in the hundreds of visits over that time. Absolutely impeccable food, service, and atmosphere. You will not go wrong here!
Every time I’ve been to Patsy’s, the food has been sensational, the staff absolutely delightful, and the crowd is totally enjoying themselves. Hosts Sal and Lisa go out of their way to make their guests feel welcome and everyone leaves feeling full and happy. Patsy’s is my favorite restaurant of all time and I couldn’t be happier to be lucky enough to live in the same city as this wonderful restaurant!
I've written before on Patsy's. Having been a regular customer for nearly 40 years (!!!), you come to expect a level of authenticity and consistency and Sal and his team never fail to deliver. My Mom was Italian and a fabulous, but simple cook (chef?). Her cooking always provided me with a viable point of reference on Italian fare served at establishments. From my first visit to our dinner last night, Patsy's has NEVER failed to deliver. Never. Try the chopped salad. You always order a salad at a restaurant, but how many times do you sit there and think 'wow, that was amazing'? Chopped salad at Patsy's could not be more simple...and more satisfying. Try it. We moved to Virginia in '08, so trips to NYC for dinner at Patsy's are not frequent enough, and the dilemma is 'what do I order?' as I have half a dozen must-have favs. Last night I opted for the rigatone/broccoli rabe/sausage in a light sauce and it is a delight...as it's always been. I was torn between that and the veal gardeniere (sp?) that is a breaded butter-flied veal chop with salad on top. Literally, over the top!I do hope you'll make a point to visit Patsy's and enjoy the warm home-like environment that the Scognomillos provide guests. It's just like going home.
The best Italian food i have ever had, better than the last time.Booked here for my wife's birthday in November 22, the staff make you feel right at home from the moment you arrive.We had the Spaghetti & meatballs & the three cheese ravioli, we tasted each others food & it was superb, had the Canolli & Tiramisu for dessert & a nice bottle of Pinot Grigio. It trully is the best Italian restaurant in Manhattan, Frank Sinatra was not wrong among others.It was so good i asked if they had any room later in the week to come back, they squeezed us in on the Friday, again superb, the Chicken Parmagian was excellent.Chef Sal came out to check on the tables it was lovely to meet him & let him know how good the food & the staff are.Next trip to NYC we will be straight back, we love this place. Thank you Sal & the team.
Visited Patsy’s this week for birthday celebration dinner. The meal ; Chicken rollatini Marsala was amazing as always. Sal , his family, and staff welcoming and gracious as always. Make you feel like family. Red velvet cake outstanding. Never disappoints.
I have been to Patsy's Italian Restaurant many times over the years, each time the staff treats you with the upmost courtesy, service and are very accommodating. Old school Italian service, the restaurant is a class act. The food is absolutely delicious. No matter how many times I have been there, it is always a wonderful experience.
My friend and I both just had fabulous meals !! He had the tri-color ravioli and I ordered the Veal relating. The portions are very generous, the staff is professional and friendly and the food was great !! Nice selection of items on the menu as well. I highly recommend this if you are looking for great Italian food in NYC
Our first time back at Patsy's since the pandemic when we went with our sons on their first visit to NYC and no matter how many times we return, the whole experience, the food, the staff, the ambience, never fails to delight. Sal is an amazing cook and host and Nick our favourite waiter; their easy charm and humour complements the quality and portions of food. (One of these days I will mange to actually finish what's on my plate!).Recommend the spaghetti lobster - but it's all good.
Everyone makes your experience terrific. Quality of food, friendly staff, respectful place for families, above and beyond customer service from the moment you walk through the door to the moment you leave— in face you don’t want to leave as it feels like home. They are BY FAR the ONLY place I wish to spend with my family & friends - consistently & constantly reliable.
Extremely racist! If you are black or latin, avoid this place. We used to go there very often, until we invite a couple of friends to go. It was cold, he was with a hat, the manager asked him to take the hat of, we just started talking that was só cold, we asked him to stay with the hat and he said to us to get out of the Restaurant. So unpolite and racist!
The manager was extremily bad humor anda racist with my family. we went before many times there and eat the most expensive plate. But now final they show hoje racist they are. We never come back there again. Worst experience possible in New York.
We fell in love with Patsy's when we made our first visit to NYC in December 2018. My son has not stopped talking about the Fettuccini Alfredo since then. Not only is all the food exceptional, the staff and service is outstanding. We live in Scottsdale, Az and were finally able to make it to Patsy's this year for the holidays. Once again, we had the most memorable experience. We mentioned how much we loved our first visit and how my son has craved the Fettuccine Alfredo and they kindly told us how to make it. Even more special was when Chef/Owner Sal came to our table and even signed a special message to my son for his cookbook! Words cannot describe how much we love Patsy's and it truly is our very favorite place in the world to dine.
We were looking through the NYC guide looking for some where to have dinner. We had a couple of choices and in the long run we decided on Patsy Restaurant. We didn't have reservations but they accommodated us anyway. We had the best time and dinner. Desi our waiter was spectacular. He was the best waiter that I have had in a long time. Thank you Desi for a great meal !!
A warm, wonderful, welcoming, delicious and very enjoyable experience. From the Maitre d’ Joe, through Headwaiter Bosco, and every staff we were served by, Patsy’s was a delight. No one missed a step. Greeting and brief conversation with Chef Sal was a surprise pleasure. We will return on our next visit to NYC.
I have been coming to Patsy’s since I was a kid and now I have been bringing my daughter since she was a baby. Nothing has changed and it should always be that way because Patsy’s is a NY establishment for good reason. It is the food you wish your mom could make because the love is in there along with the best flavors. Staff is always warm and attentive, making you feel like family. This will always be a stop for our family in NYC!
Went to Patsy's during a weekend getaway with my wife and it was phenomenal! It truly is a family business and we interacted with nearly all of them. The pride that they have in their establishment shows with every smile and greeting that they extend, and the kitchen shows the same with their amazing dishes. Patsy's is the epitome of classic New York dining. Can't wait to return.
Such a wonderful lunch today at Patsy’s…To start, the Caesar salad had just the right amount of crunch and dressing. Literally the best Caesar dressing I’ve ever come across. My friends and I ordered it to split so as to leave room for mains, but I’m sorry I didn’t just order one for myself! The artichoke oreganato was equally delicious. The pairing of the two was the perfect appetizer. Just enough to open the palate but light enough to have room for more. My main was, well, off the chain! The calamari stuffed with shrimp, lobster, crab, calamari and raisins in a delectable tomato and garlic sauce was well beyond my expectations. A total explosion of flavors. Chef Sal tells me it was his grandmother’s recipe. I’ve literally never had a sauce so tasty…and my husband is a great cook so I do know good sauce…but this one was just off-the-charts good. My friend had the shrimp scampi over linguine. I had a little taste…shrimp were amazing and the linguine was cooked perfectly Al Dente. Portions were healthy and plated beautifully. It was fun watching…and inhaling the aromas of…all the dishes being brought to other tables. I definitely have some in mind for future visits. Staff was wonderful and very attentive. Chef Sal Sconamiglio is an absolute sweetheart. He chatted with us for a while and told us wonderful stories of the restaurant’s history. I love the unpretentious vibe and friendly atmosphere. I highly recommend this restaurant.
From the time we walked in until the time we left, we felt we had a most authentic NY experience. Nick, our waiter, was unbelievable. We thought he was a recent Italian immigrant, but it turned out he was from Albania. His favorite phrase that he repeated to our continuing enjoyment was: "You're killing me." I thought maybe we were on the set of the Sopranos because there was a guy sitting by himself in the corner finishing his meal and wearing a black suit. My wife thought he was a made man; he certainly looked the partBut since this was a restaurant, we ate, and what we ate was terrific. My wife was bit feeling so good and wanted something that would not upset her stomach. He recommended a simple, lightly breaded and broiled cod, to which he added fresh baby green beans and a double cooked potato. Both were perfect and tasted even better. While I was having a double expresso, Sal, the chef and owner, asked how our meal was. We talked for ten minutes and learned the story of how his grandfather started the restaurant and called it Patys's, which was his nickname. Sal's father was the next chef and ran the restaurant until COVID. So Patsys' has had just 3 chef/owners over the last 75+ years. A real slice of Americana and NY rolled into one great cannoli.PS. I understand that this was Frank Sinatra's favorite NY restaurant. Based on our experience, we believe it.
I came to Patsy’s with my family to celebrate my birthday. I love to cook and eat Italian food and we all love Sinatra. The service was excellent and efficient, the food was delicious, and the hospitality was world class. Not only did we enjoy a great meal in a historic nyc restaurant, but we met the owner, Patsy’s grandson, who was nice enough to take the time and tell us stories about growing up with legends like Sinatra coming through Patsy’s all the time. The owner even gifted me a jar of their marinara (which is delicious btw) because it was my birthday. All in all, Patsy’s is more than an iconic dining spot; it’s a place that holds to NY Italian traditions of hospitality and family. One of my best experiences dining in NY over the years and will recommend to everyone for years to come! TY to the owners and staff for such a wonderful experience!
My husband had been raving about his visits to Patsy’s on his trips to New York City over the years and I couldn’t wait for an opportunity to check it out. My chance was tonight on our Anniversary trip from Atlanta. Not only was the meal and service amazing from start to finish, we felt truly welcome in this legendary New York dining establishment. This restaurant should be on the to do list for any visit to NYC!
I have been to Patsys many times over many years. It never disappoints. If you are visiting NYC, you must go. It is quintessential NY. The location is perfect, especially if you are seeing a show or visiting Times Square. Best sauce in the city! Hands down!
Patsy’s is an excellent restaurant and some of the best food available in New York. The atmosphere and ambiance are only matched by their amazing food. Highly recommend to anyone in town. Thanks, Sal and team, for a wonderful evening and amazing experience!
Me and the wife absolutely loved this place. Great setting, great staff and great food ! We wanted a proper Italian-American experience , and we couldn’t have asked for more. Even managed to have a couple of chats with Chef Sal, what a great guy. The biggest surprise was compared to other dining experiences we had on our honeymoon, it was good value for money. Worth every single penny.Salute Sal 👌
From the moment we went in we were greeted and taken care of. It felt like home, great food, Sal and his team offered fine wine, coffee and amazing dishes. Deserts lingered amongst us until we caved and had delicious carrot cake, tiramisu and a chocolate treat. The food was amazing we come as often as we are in NY thank you Sal and thank you Patsy's great service as usual.
Every time we come to NYC we have to visit Sal and Lisa at Patsy’s. The food is delicious, and the hospitality is second to none. It is a little piece of home in the big city. Add this to your list of must-do places for dinner
Where do I even start?-The service is IMPECCABLE. Everyone was so accommodating and they genuinely care.-The OWNER comes and visits each table.-I asked the owner for his opinion in choosing 1 of the three pastas I was looking at and not only did he give me a recommendation, but he told me about the flavors of the sauce and asked me questions about flavors I might like more. Needless to say, the food was the Bomb.com. So good that my husband preferred mine over his own!-It’s family owned and has a great history. They put their heart into this place and you can tell. -It feels like you’re eating at a home. Not just a restaurant. -We’ll come back every time we’re in NY.
Excellent dining experience enjoyed by my daughter and I. Chef Sal came out for visit and autograph. It was so much fun and the food outstanding
Appetizer: Mozzarella in Carozza is light and served with a marinara sauce that is both spicy and sweet. Main: Trio of Ravioli showcases hand-made pasta that has flavour and substance. Humble owner and chef, Sal, checks on tables himself. This is a family run restaurant with real heart and a commitment to serve authentic Italian fare.
Far from the most expensive and a simple menu. The staff I’m sure are longtime employees, some members of the family that started it in 1944 and only one, no expansions. I felt love in every bite. We ate in other places during our 7 days, a couple that were 3 times the cost. Reservations recommended but they snuck us in anyway. One of Frank Sinatra’s favorite places. Timeless
I read a lot of goo reviews do we went. The eggplant was excellent; however we could not eat pot main dishes. I ordered the pasta with veal meatballs, could not eat it, dry meatballs thick tomato sauce, not like typical Italian, my husband ordered chopped steak over noodles yuck! He couldn’t eat it. The first time I saw him not finish a meal
We visit NYC annually to see plays and always stay at the Marriott Marquis and this is our favorite place in NYC for spaghetti and meatballs! I used to think it won't be as good as I remember and it is always super delicious...homemade pasta, homemade sauces ..incredible! This year we went for my birthday dinner and it was wonderful! Our waiter was Nick and he and all the staff were great..making us feel very welcome and my birthday very special. We had such a good time that we are going to make this a birthday tradition. I was very happy and you will be too 😊
Excellent food and welcoming staff. Sal made us feel like family. A great way to experience a little NYC history before catching a show. We can’t wait to order some sauce for home.
We were recommended patsys by a friend and it lived up to the standard set. We were satisfied with everything about our visit here. Would definitely recommend to others. All members of staff were so welcoming and went above and beyond to give the best experience. The 6 of us had the most amazing time and the food was excellent. Thank you so much
Atmosphere, food and service hasn't changed.. Italy in New York. Our Albanian server, Nick, was excellent.
When you only have 3 nights in NYC, you want your choices to be really good. I choose Patsy's based on other Trip Advisor reviews, and its long history. My wife and I were seated in the back of the restaurant right up against the dessert tray! We both started with a Manhattan.Turned out to be the best thing of the night. Shared a caesar salad that had this "Sweet" strange dressing.Not a hint of an anchovy. Our waiter recommended a pasta(I can't remember the name) that was watery, not much flavor. We each had a glass of the Super Tuscan wine that didn't have much going for it either. I guess our photo, won't be up on the wall....
You absolutely must visit this hidden gem Patsy’s on 56th street. Started off with perfectly fried calamari (incredible batter!), lobster tri-ravioli, spaghetti & veal meatballs- wow. Delicious. Make sure you save room for dessert - the Chef makes all the cakes himself in-house. The canoli cake was incredible, tiramisu - we’ll certainly be back for more! Great atmosphere and welcoming staff. Thank you again Chef Sal for an amazing experience! So nice when the chef greets his patrons and guests, can’t want to visit again.
This was the most amazing Italian restaurant I have ever eaten in, the food was so flavourful and delicious. If you come to New York you must visit!
So thrilled to be back at Patsy’s to celebrate our 45th Anniversary! Sal and his amazing family and staff always live up to my anticipation. Walking into the bustling restaurant Saturday night brought me back to 40 years of memories and I am so grateful to once again enjoy the best Italian cuisine in NYC. Everything is STILL top notch! Do not miss the mozzarella in carozza, all of the pastas are delicious, so just choose…but save room for dessert! My favorite napoleon in the world is on that dessert cart! Patsy’s does not disappoint. Can’t wait to go back. 
Patsy's was a pre-pandemic favorite but our October visit was our first return since the restaurant re-opened. Not much has changed, and that is a compliment.We both had the special sauteed cod with capers and it was excellent. I added a half-order of spaghetti pesto and we split a caesar salad. All very good.Unlike previous visits, we came on Sunday afternoon. The pace was more relaxed and the full dinner menu was available. It was a wonderful way to spend an Autumn afternoon.
I ate here by chance fifteen years ago and revisited this year--I'd bought the cookbook and thing about my everyone dinner all those years. I've returned twice this year and have been in heaven both times. The food is delicious, old school atmosphere makes for a memorable experience. I'll be back here every time I'm lucky enough to make it back to NYC.
Used to be my fav in NYC. This time food was 7 out of 10 but didn’t justify outrageous prices. Small pile of noodles in pesto 28 dollars. Service was average. Waiter charged me 6 dollars to refill an 8 oz glass of iced tea. Yes 12 dollars for iced tea. Never again patsys.
We had an absolutely incredible time! The food was amazing and the service was great! I would recommend it to everyone and will definitely come back! 
Been here multiple times. Always a hit. Best shrimp Scampi and yummy cannoli cake! Such good service, would recommend. Chef is the nicest!
The last time I visited NYC, someone at our hotel recommended Patsy's Italian Restaurant. It was so good, we went back this trip! 
We just had The most wonderful evening at Patsy’s. From the moment we walked in, we were treated just like “family”. Our waiter Danny was fabulous. Very nice and kind and just couldn’t do enough to make you happy. The food was absolutely delicious. I had veal Marsala, my hubby had the shrimp scampi and my mother in law had good old spaghetti and meatballs. Moi❣️I love to cook and my mother in law wanted to buy me a cookbook. Danny went in and asked chef Sal ( Grandson of original owner Patsy)if he would come and autograph it for me. Not only did he do that but also took pictures with us. Turns out he and my mother in law had a mutual friend from years earlier. Wonderful man. All in all a very special evening in New York City. We’ll be back to Patsy’s Sal next time we’re in town. We’ll be sure to tell anyone we know coming to NY, where to dine first👍🥰
If you are in New York and you love Italian food and tradition….this is the place We had an amazing diner, everything we ate was excellent. Nick our waiter make us really enjoy our evening with his professional service.Excellent chef!!Congratulations!!!!
We had been to New York a few times, but never heard of this place. My Cousin lives in New York, so suggested this as a place to meet for dinner. He had never been before but heard good things about it, and mentioned it was Sinatra's favourite restaurant.They were excellent is providing a suitable table for my husband who is in a wheelchair and he decided to transfer but they took good care of the wheelchair.  The food, service and ambiance were all super and it was made even better that Sal came out to our table several times. My husband has a cheese allergy but he said it was a pleasure to adapt the dishes for him. This is a well run family restaurant, it feels like a family restaurant.  We would come here again if we were in New York.High recommended but book in advance, as it is really busy.
This was my first visit to NYC but my husband’s second and he couldn’t wait to take me to Patsy’s. On his first trip, Patsy’s was recommended to him by a friend, because they are both big Sinatra fans. Patsy’s Italian Restaurant has been known for years as the restaurant Frank Sinatra made famous. I was excited and it was fun to visit the restaurant knowing Sinatra was a frequent visitor, but the overall food, service, and hospitality, and ambiance of this place made for an unforgettable evening.We ordered the calamari that comes with a side of Marinara sauce, and I could have eaten the entire bowl with a spoon. At that moment I was sorry I did not order the spaghetti and meatballs, however, when we tasted the Stuffed Veal Chop, and it was equally wonderful. Chef Sal is fabulous, he makes a point to visit each table to talk to his patrons. When we were leaving, we made a point to walk over and express our enjoyment over the food, the wait staff, and our overall experience. He introduced us to his wife and son and by the end of the night we were all hugging, and he was sweet enough to give us a jar of sauce to take home (which is one of my favorite souvenirs from this trip). This is such a wonderful NY Italian family-run restaurant where the owners make you feel like you are part of their family. A must visit for lunch or dinner, you will not be disappointed! We highly recommend and cannot wait to visit NY again and it will definitely be part of our itinerary. Big thanks to Sal and his lovely wife, we’ll see you soon, hopefully!
I went for dinner to have good food but I have much more that,I had linguine marechiara to die for and then steak,was really tender and tasty but the good time I had is the best.Service was on the top,atmosphere is fantastic and you can see it’s run by family,chef “Sal” is somebody who cook with passion and love,all the best to staff and family,can’t wait to come back!
Very attentive staff; met chef. Both meals were excellent. The chicken piccata and fettuccini Alfredo were outstanding. Tough to pass up home made pasta!
The food, atmosphere and service were exceptional. Added bonus to visit with Sal! We highly recommend the homemade pastas and chicken piccata.
Had a great night with excellent food, and wonderful service from the amusing and entertaining waiters. Came on a recommendation, and I will be doing the same, it was a pleasure to meet you all. 
Wow. The service and quality of food is so below expectations I don’t know where to start with. I ordered and returned my order still got charged full amount and I paid and went other place
Amazing authentic Italian food. 4th generation family run business. A must visit will in NYC if you are looking for some of the best Italian food. The eggplant parmigiana is not to be missed
Worth every great review and STAR it's been given over the years. From owner Sal to the service staff to the menu and kitchen its as close to a ristorante in Milano as you'll find in NYC.My go-to for a great meal in an awesome part of town.
Since 1944, this family run restaurant has been a must dining experience for all! For great food, ambiance and cordial service, Patsy's is highly recommended!
Everytime we vist NYC it's a must visit to Patsy's. The prices are reasonable, the food is awesome but the atmosphere is the best. Like visiting family, tell them Charlene and Chuck sent you from North Beach San Francisco! THANK YOU SAL!!!
In New York (from UK) for my 60th birthday and wanted something "trad NY" to celebrate. It was exactly what I imagined and wanted. Old-fashioned in the best possible way. Service fantastic. Food good: not mind-blowing, but that wasn't the point for me, it was the ambience I was after. Portions very large by UK standards. Lovely birthday cake arranged by the missus, and some of the other diners joined in with Happy Birthday singing. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
The best Italian food in NYC. Authentic and delicious. Reminded me of my grandmother’s cooking. Highly recommend. The short rib special was amazing. The chicken parm was classic.
BEST Italian you will have. Sal treats you like family, I’ve known Sal to be a gracious host, and the food is phenomenal. Authentic, homemade, you can’t beat it. Truly a must stop if you’re in the city.
I was first told about Patsy's by my father, Tommy Marciano. We Hall of Fame fighter (Welterweight) in the 50's, he fought in the great arena, Madison Square Garden a few times. He'd stay in the city, after his fight, and the next day, it was straight to Patsy's, since he no longer had to 'make weight.' As soon as I was old enough, I've been making Patsy's a stop, no matter what the occasion. This past week, it was our anniversary. Again, what a meal, the best meatballs in the United States, by far. After dinner, Joe Scognamillo took us up to the Sinatra room, told stories, posed for pictures, and autographed his cookbook. What a night!! One I'll never-ever forget. I'm from Philadelphia, and nothing in the town even comes close.
We love visiting Patsy’s every time we come to NYC. It was once again amazing. Staff is so nice and inviting. Sal is warm and friendly and makes everyone feel like family. Amazing food and a great atmosphere for dinner.
For years now I have dreamt to eat there. The tales I heard from Frank Sinatra’s night outs to the incredible musicians of the Jazz at Lincoln Center always made me want to eat there.Tonight was the night. I had the honor to eat at Patsy’s and HO BOY what a blast!I had the Penne Vodka and this was beyond expectation. The staff and the chef were all adorable, understanding and straight up INCREDIBLY kind!I even had another honor with a picture of the Chef and I!10 stars out of 5, literally. 💗
We had another chance to eat at our favorite, Patsy’s, this weekend. As always, it did not disappoint. From the freshly baked and perfectly seasoned clams appetizer special, to my wonderful favorite lasagna, to the napoleon cake and tiramisu we shared, every bite was better than the last, if that is even possible. That combined with the wonderful service and warm hospitality we always receive from Sal, his family and his staff, make Patsy’s the best restaurant in Manhattan for us. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for an outstanding meal and service.
Sal and his crew are amazing. The food is the best in the city and worth the trip uptown. Nothing beats Patsys. You will not be disappointed.
Holy moley. Went because as 3 couples we wanted a night where we weren’t getting battered financially….. this ended up the most expensive of all. Guys were great . Food was good. But as an example, no cake is worth $31 per slice. Ask the specials price before choosing.
Our food was delicious, the service excellent with a twist of fun and humor. We will definitely return when in the city again
Dramatisch oubollig en smakeloos eten. Taai stokbrood, plakken deeg met een naampje. Vergane glorie. Onbegrijpelijk dat deze op 28 staat. Foutje TripAdvisor.
When we visit NYC we stay at the Doubletree Times Square or the Holiday INN on 57th. Mainly because we can bounce out from there to see multiple shows, walk to Central Park, and ALWAYS dine at Patsy’s!! My parents brought me here when I was in high school… Decades ago! I always bring people here. The food is always great. The service sincere and warm. This visit hit the bar and went over it, if possible. I think we just ordered 15 things and then took a bunch of things home! Everybody was sharing plates! The ravioli, linguine and clams, fra diavlo, veal francese so good!! Calamari is my husbands fave. We got it stuffed this time. I could go on for hours! There is a reason why this place has been around for 77 years. Thank you for always giving us a new great memory!
I've been here once about 12 years ago and when I finally got to go back to New York I knew where I had to eat. Nick was our server and let me tell you...he was amazing. Had us laughing, great food suggestions and overall perfect timing on service. The food was beyond amazing! There will never be a time that I go to New York and not go to Patsy's!!!!
We chose Patsys to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and it was fantastic. The staff were attentive and friendly and Sal was so lovely, explaining all the specials and making suggestions. He even gave us a huge bag of pasta to take home when he knew it was our anniversary.The food was delicious and the whole experience was very special. I would love to return one day but in the meantime, have ordered their cook book so I can recreate dishes at home.
This place not only a restaurant but a landmark restaurant..You walk into a story of New York with all of the pictures on the wall of those who have eaten here, past and present.You never know who can be walking through the lose doors... doors that reveal a piece of history. You just wonder who has sat on the seat you are sitting on.... Frank Sinatra? Yankees legends like BIlly Martin? JLo? I know I sat on a piece of history.I am glad I came here on a hunch and met great people including the Chef/owner and family, who are very hands on, happy to welcome and serve as part of the staff.The chef presented a great variety of specials, uniquely styled Italian specialties for the evening, very attentive to our table and offered dessert towards the end. I definitely can tell why this place is beyond satisfactoy with taste, service, and quality. I am glad to learn this IS the one and only historic Patsys and hope they can continue to share their heart through their food.
Outstanding Italian dining in a friendly environment. Owner Sal, greeting customers and even shared his secret to his incredible meatballs! Thanks you for being so genuine and offering a classic dining experience! In a world full of flahs over substance, you are the REAL DEAL! Incredible food. Thank you thank you!
We eloped to New York and married in Central Park, we chose Patsys to celebrate our marriage and it didn’t disappoint. The food is absolutely gorgeous, beautiful decor and the staff are so nice and welcoming. If you are planning a trip to New York put Patsys on your list of places to visit . We will definitely be back xxx
My husband and I followed the advice of a friend who highly recommended Patsy's to us. I made reservations before arriving in New York City and I'm so glad I did! From the excellent service to special attention from Chef Sal, our meal at Patsy's was a highlight of our trip. When we go back to NYC, we will be returning to Patsy's!
While carefully planning each dining experience in NYC, we could not decide which restaurant for Italian, and we are so thrilled we chose Patsy’s. Such a vintage feel as soon as you walk in, it feels like stepping back in time. We started with the appetizer special of the day - stuffed and fried zucchini flowers - The spaghetti and meatballs and chicken parm were perfect. Don’t miss the cannoli cake. Sal the owner and head chef came to the table and we shared a few stories and my father in law knew his father, so it was cool to chat, he is a sweetheart of a man. Sal gave us a jar of marinara on the house, and we bought an additional one since we loved their sauce so much. 10/10 experience, exactly like I’d envisioned. It’s a place you feel good spending money at!
Recommend by our hotel pre-theater. You are made welcome. A family affair like your mom’s kitchen. Huge portions. Great attentive service. Reasonable prices for NYC. Nice choices on the menu. Home cooked. Very enjoyable and not rushed.
My 1st trip to NY City and found this gem of a restaurant!The food, service, prices and ambience are all fantastic! My husband had the Spicy Rigatoni with the cherry peppers, he said it was the best Italian dish he has ever had! I had the Chicken Parmesan, and to say it was fantastic would be an understatement. The chicken was so tender, and the sauce was the best I've ever had. Sal the chef and owner came by and asked each and every table how their meals were. The service was fantastic, quick and very helpful. We topped off our meal with Tiramisu cake. It was unbelievably good! We spoke to Sal before leaving and I told him the food and service were so good that we would probably come back before we left on Sunday.We did return 2 nights later. Sal was so delighted to see us! My husband and I both had the spaghetti and meatballs. OMG was it good.!! The Veal meatballs just melt in your mouth and the sauce the best anywhere!I got a bottle of sauce to bring home with me and plan on ordering more to ship to me.Thank you so much Sal for 2 of the best dinners my husband and I have ever had, and also for taking a picture with me.Best always, Sandy D
Les plats de pâtes sont bons mais beaucoup trop chers. Par contre le service est limite et la réceptionniste, probablement par manque de formation, complètement hors sujet. Suite à notre demande d'appeler un taxi, elle a répondu:"non cela ne fait pas partie de mon cahier des charges"!!!!!....
Patsy's is not a restaurant, it is an EXPERIENCE! Great food, ambience, great prices, and the staff and management make you feel like your coming home to family. You can't get this anywhere else in the city. Chef Sal is great, and his food is outstanding! DO NOT MISS Patsy's on your next NYC Visit!
We come from a long line of home cooked Italian food and my wife begrudgingly said it was the best meat sauce she has ever had…Sal (owner) and Nick our guide were amazing…one of the warmest experiences we have ever had.💙
My boyfriend and I visited NY in May and the first restaurant we went to was Patsys near our hotel. We ordered “Spaguetti with meatballs”. It was delicious! Before leaving we met the chef Sal, a very kind and nice person, we were really grateful for his friendly welcome and for making us feel like home telling us about their story and the city. I highly recommend his restaurant, you’ll get a fantastic meal for sure, do not miss this place!
Family owned, family at the front desk, family as the host, family in the kitchen, waitstaff there for years. Patsy's brings me back to the places my grandparents brought me, where the staff was professional, they acknowledged you and tried hard to make your meal an experience. Order the clams posillipo appetizer. Absolutely delicious.
We went to Patsys on a recommendation from a friend. Her daughter went to Julliard at Chef Sal would make her a special off menu dish every week! The food was amazing ! The service was impeccable. And Chef Sal was so kind. Truly a great experience. Every Italian dish will be compared to Patsys from now on.
Patsy’s never fails to disappoint. I have yet to find a place that serves a better chicken Parmesan. If your looking for a classic New York Italian restaurant this is the place to go. Doesn’t get much better than this.
We were placed on 2nd floor, where the AC wasn't working. Commenting this, we were told that 'it was just started'. However, nothing happened. We were sitting in a hot place without AC throughout the whole dinner. The service was ok, but nothing more. Drinks also ok, but wine on the glass wasn't good, however $15 per glass. Food was decent but not well presented. Finally, tips 20% was included on the bill, as they knew that no-one would tip this much for such a meal. Family dinner, last night in NYC with 3 teenagers and we were hoping for a great ending of our trip, but unfortunately so disappointed. Possibly good once upon a time but definitely not today. Try something else...
Meget god opplevelse fra start til slutt. Vi hadde ikke bestilt bord, men ble vennlig tatt i mot og fikk heldigvis plass nesten med en gang. Veldig hyggelig og hjelpsomme servitører og god mat. Det som virkelig gjør dette til et herlig sted vi gjerne besøker igjen er den flotte atmosfæren i sjarmerende lokaler som er prydet med alle kjendiser som har besøkt lokalet opp igjennom årene. Utrolig hyggelig at sjefen også tok seg en tur ut fra kjøkkenet for å hilse på alle gjestene. Kan anbefales.
The food is copious but of bad quality. The sauces are greasy and salty, the pasta is just regular and the waiters are not sympathetic. This was my second time and my first impression was confirmed. There will not be a third time. Avoid, expensive and pretentious.
My wife and I love this restaurant for the following reasons:• The food is delicious•Great menu•Excellent gravy•Excellent all veal meatballs•Excellent serviceDo yourself a favor and visit.
Can’t say more amazing things about Patsy’s! Went to Patsy’s on a recent stay in NYC and was so nervous to try Italian with my many dietary restrictions. Patsy’s was more than accommodating! The owner/chef and his wife introduced themselves and took the time to talk with me about all the things I could and could not eat while dining at their restaurant! They even took the time to bring out ingredients they use to show me that I was going to be safe and sound eating at their place! The food was amazing and delicious! The service was impeccable, like going to a family or friends place! Highly recommend this restaurant, especially if you are worried about special dietary needs! GO TO PATSY’s!!! Did I mention the food was AMAZING!?! Beyond delicious!!
I come to Patsy’s every year for my birthday. Not only is the food the best in NYC, but the staff is more than amazing! They go above and beyond to ensure everything is perfect. I encourage everyone that goes to or is in NYC to be go to Patsy’s. You will love it!
We had dinner tonight at Patsy’s. We started celebrating my birthday a little early with a show, and of course, there was no other choice for dinner for me. Patsy’s is amazing. We have been a few times since the pandemic and couldn’t wait to return again. Upon entering, Chef Sal and his family warmly greeted us. I can’t describe the feeling I have each time we visit, except to say that it is truly like coming home and being welcomed like family.Our meal. Where do I start? The fact that I am still thinking about how great it was several hours later sums it up. We had Caesar salads for appetizers. They were so well prepared, fresh and perfectly dressed. We also had the baked clams special. They were perhaps the best I have ever had! Our dinners were also outstanding. Raviolis, shrimp fettuccine Alfredo, and lasagnas. All perfectly prepared. My husband commented on how excellent his Alfredo sauce was. And the lasagna!! I could easily write a separate review on how delicious Chef Sal’s lasagna is. His family recipe is like no other I have ever had! As if we had any room left, we had cake and espressos to top off our top notch meal. Patsy’s is such a special place to us. Chef Sal and his family are the most gracious hosts. The food and service is consistently outstanding. We have been regulars for 15+ years, and I highly recommend Patsy’s to anyone looking for outstanding food and service.
Our family had the best meal. Service was outstanding, the food was delicious. We all had something different and loved everything. My 2 boys cleaned their plates which never happens. The boys asked to tell the Chef how much they loved their dinner. Sal himself came out and thanked the boys for enjoying the food. Had a great conversation with Sal! He shared a lot of his heart for the restaurant and family. Best meal we had all week in NYC.
With a most anticipated and long overdue return to this wonderful, authentic and delicious restaurant, it is will sincere pleasure to compliment Sal Scognamillo and his fantastic crew of hosts and waitstaff at Patsy's Italian Restaurant!We enjoyed some delicious Eggplant Parmigiano along with tortellini and meat sauce. We found the Pork Chop incredible as it was stuffed with mozzarella, ricotta, prosciutto and cherry peppers ( this dish is so delicious, Heaven should serve it as an intro upon arriving in Paradise!)Other favorites we enjoyed include, Lasagna and Veal Parmigiano. The key to these scrumptious delights is the sauce! Patsy's makes such a delicious meat sauce that it perfects each dish it covers, completing the authenticity which so many acknowledge as 'perfection' in that of an Italian 'gravy.'Sal is a genuine, humble, and grateful gentleman. He appreciates his guests as it is obvious upon entering this 'Palate Paradise' that awaits for each one who walks into this friendly and welcoming restaurant. We had the pleasure of having Nick as our server on this visit. His style, ease, knowledge and kindness adds to putting Patsy's on a 'come back to 'mangia' here again and again.' Salute Patsy's!True Perfection in Italian cuisine!Anthony &Lisa Fargnoli
Patsy's was absolutely delicious. My mom and I each got the special of the day plus a stuffed mushroom appetizer and it was all delicious! Our waiter was so sweet and the chef (Patsy's grandson) even came out to talk with us. 100/10 would recommend!
Excellent experience. Love when the Executive Chef checks in with everyone. Food was delicious and served by Nick with a special touch. Great prix fixed $45 lunch including crisp, tasty salad and dessert. Will definitely return!
We had dinner here the other night and were very happy we did. Lovely service and excellent pasta dishes. The fact that it has been in business since 1944 speaks for itself. Definitely worth a visit.
Iconic midtown Manhattan Italian dining. The chef Sal circulates through the same dining room where Sinatra mingled. You can’t beat this place for the history and flavors. Thank you!
My daughter and I had our first meal in Patsy's after coming to New York on holiday for many years. Everything was really good. We didn't have a reservation for a Saturday night, but they fitted us in. The meal couldn't be faulted, and the service was great. Sal the owner/chef (I think) visited every table in turn to introduce himself and ask if we enjoyed the meal. Hopefully we shall visit again before we go home.
My son has very complicated food allergies. Chef Sal came out showing us the ingredients of the pasta. He made such delicious foods for my family and my son, really enjoyed the dining here. The waiter was so funny, at the end of dinner, he made a small cup of "Cappuccino" for my 7 year old son and told us it was special for my son! And then he said it was just milk, which made my son so happy! A funny and nice waiter! My son wants to come back now!
We had a grand evening at Patsy’s tonight with old time classic service along with a delicious dinner. The owner/Chef Sal made his way around to most tables offering a very welcoming greeting with enticing info about our dinner choices. We loved Patsy’s and will be back!
I have always wanted to try Patsy’s since I heard brett Eldredge on The Highway Sirius XM perform there prior to Covid, 3 years ago. Frank Sinatra used to perform there. I wanted to see photos of Brett’s performance and I swear, the chef and waiter, must have heard me, because a kind and friendly gentleman came out and showed me photos on his phone. Now I know, this was Joe Scagnamillo the grandson of the founder of Patsy’s who is now the current chef. I had the classic spaghetti and meatballs which was delicious. My friends had shrimp scampi ( shrimp was lightly breaded) and a homemade lasagna. We were all pleased with our selections! We split a cannoli cake for dessert. Such a great restaurant, I will definitely visit again. Make a reservation.
Good place to have a nice lunch. The marinara sauce is excellent. The pasta is not handmade otherwise the sauces are great. The tiramisu is a bit too creamy for our taste. Overall is a nice restaurant visited by lots of celebrities. The servers are friendly and we love how they interact with us.
Very lovely dinner on my wife's birthday. The staff was excellent, especially Nick our waiter. He had the whole place sing happy birthday while surprisingly her with a piece of Tiramisu! And Sal came out of the kitchen to check on the birthday girl as well, and of course the food and drinks were excellent. Would highly recommend and will be returning again next time we're in the city.
Celebrated my mom’s birthday last night at Patsy’s and what a treat! It’s a warm, welcoming, intimate place with great staff, wonderful food, and a lot of heart. Our server was gregarious and fun, and gave us excellent food and wine recommendations. Chef Sal and his wife stopped by our table to chat with us several times, and by the time we left we felt like part of the family! We started our meal with the calamari (perfectly fried and served with a delicious tomato sauce) and the amazing off-menu special arancini (which Chef Sal told us was his grandfather’s recipe!). For dinner, our table enjoyed spaghetti w/meatballs, eggplant parmigiana, cannelloni, and gnocchi w/meat sauce. It was all delicious, authentic Italian food. For dessert, we enjoyed the most wonderful tiramisu (best I’ve ever had) and our server led the whole restaurant in singing Happy Birthday to my mom! She absolutely loved it!Definitely a must-try place when in NYC! Thanks Chef Sal and family for a wonderful and memorable evening!
Went here for my wife's 50th birthday recently.The place was packed but the staff from the moment we arrived were fantastic, very welcoming.The food, oh my God it was divine, every mouthful was absolutely delicious, we even made space for the amazing dessert, Tiramisu for my wife & chocolate Ganache cake for me, it was so good.The waiters were very attentive & efficient 7 the whole evening was excellent.Thank you to Lisa for sorting the reservation.
So, the very second we land at La Guardia, my 16 year old daughter says to me, "Mom! Please make our reservation at Patsy's!" She literally saved up her calories for an entire week and could not wait to get back to her favorite restaurant in whole entire world. She always gets the Fettuccine Alfredo. She also gets the Mozzarella in Carozza for an appetizer. The rest of us have tried several dishes throughout the four years we have been coming here. The Manicotti is superb, the stuffed Calamari is also excellent. I always get the Wheat pasta with Marinara sauce. I know it's a simple dish, but the marinara sauce is out of this world!! I also highly recommend the Broccoli di Rabe Affogati and the Asparagus Parmigiana!! Please get one or the other with your meal. They are both equally delicious.The desserts here are also amazing, so please make sure to leave room. So, my daughter is insisting on flying up, exclusively, to have her next birthday here at Patsy's!!! It's going to be great.Sal, thank you for always having the best food in the city. For your warm hospitality! And, thank you for always making our daughter feel so special. We love you guys and we absolutely love your food!!! P.S. We are trying out your cookbook this week. :)Oh, and I forgot to mention, the service here is out of this world!!!!
Although we go to Patsy's Italian Restaurant every time we are in New York, we enjoyed our visit to Patsy's this time because we celebrated my granddaughter's birthday there. Sal brought out a cake with a candle and the whole restaurant sang. The restaurant staff is very attentive and welcoming and the food is always delicious.
Really enjoyed our dinning experience there a few nights ago. We were greeted promptly, but it felt a little cold and rushed. That being said, the whole staff was super friendly and attentive. The food was really good. We shared the fried calamari, which was so good. My wife had the trip of ravioli, which was ok, but not the best in our opinion. The lobster one was amazing, but the other two, not so much.I went with the fusilli bolognese which was super fresh and so delicious! The favorite dish at our table. The dessert options were also really good, and I loved my tiramisu!Overall, this is a really good Italian restaurant. Our server Steve went above and beyond to ensure that we had a great dining experience. The food was really good, and the atmosphere very nice and chique!
I've Been Going To Patsy's Restaurant For 10 Years!! The Food Is Delicious & The Atmosphere Is So Great That Every Time I Go There I Feel Like I'm Having Dinner At My Grandmother's House!! It's Very Family Oriented!! The Whole Staff Is Very Friendly!! Sal Scognamillo Is The Head Chef & He Is An Excellent Cook!! My Favorite Meal Is Veal Milanaise!!
Judy and were in New york on Sunday 5/19th to celebrate our 51 wedding anniversary.After seeing the matinee of The Waitress there was no doubt where we were going to eat for our celebration.Of course it was Patsy's where we have been many times when our son Scott was studying at New York University for six years.It just keeps getting better and better every time we go (Unbelievable)Joe treated us like family and the whole staff were so professional and attentive.We can't wait to go back when we come to the city from CT.Thanks Joe & Staff for making 51 so much fun and by the way the food is out of this world!!!Thanks again,Judy & Ritchie Levy
Wow! Wow! Wow! If you enjoy feeling comfortable, welcomed and dining on amazing food do not put off visiting Patsy’s. This is truly one of the best family run restaurants I have ever been to. From the welcome at the door to the see you soon on the way out this visit was exceptional! The service was impeccable! The food was sublime! I love when a chef comes out to ensure the customers are having the best experience and watched as Sal’s enthusiastic personality was met with smiles, laughter and pure enjoyment! To walk away from this place stating you had a bad experience would - in my opinion - be your own doing. The number 1 priority here is certainly the customers satisfaction! It was just what I needed. I cannot wait to make this trip again. I also cannot wait to peruse the cookbooks!! Thanks to Patsy’s for a great dining experience. Corinne
The food and service was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! Every dish was delicious, pure and rich with homemade Italian dishes. The service was AMAZING!!! Des was so kind and sweet with an amazing personality!! We had the pleasure to meet and chat with Sal the owner, who took my breathe away. He was so down to earth and kind hearted! Genuinely a nice person who appreciates everything he has and built himself and his family. Keeping the family tradition is one of a kind. We have found our “go to restaurant”!! THE BEST TIME WE HAVE EXPERIENCED EATING OUT IN THE CITY!! (Must not forget the legend Frank Sinatra” dined here, I could cry) HIGHLY RECOMMEND COMING HERE!!!!!
I am so grateful for this restaurant! My husband and son and I stopped at Patsy’s and ate the best Italian we have had in years! This is pure authentic Italian with the best food and best service by ETO! The wine was perfect, the fettuccini Alfredo, spaghetti with marinara (best ever) and the chicken Parmesan were delicious. We came on a Sunday at lunch time without making reservations & we were less than business casual but they let us in. :) 
Patsy's was Frank Sinatra's favorite Italian restaurant, and now it is mine too! I was here for a terrific business lunch 2 weeks ago (pasta fagioli & spinach ravioli), which brought me back 60 miles for a family dinner tonite (lentil soup & gnocchi bolognese). Both meals were beyond excellent, the service was fantastic, and the ambience pure NY. Plus the pictures on the lower level are like a trip through time. Everyone should stop in to see the Scognamillo family and eat @ Patsy's once, and when you do, you'll be back again. 
I took my husband here for his birthday, and it was a pure delight from the moment we sat down in our cozy little corner near the kitchen. We started off with some excellent wine, and split a salad and the clams oreganata. We've ordered this dish in more Italian restaurants than I can count - these were some of the best we've ever had! I joked that if I had to only eat off one menu for the rest of my life, Patsy's would be it. In fact we were both having a difficult time deciding what to order (a nice problem to have) when along came Sal! Yes the head chef himself graciously offered to give us both two half portions of whatever dish we wanted, so we could both try two things! I ordered the eggplant parmesan and the manicotti - it was incredibly delicious! Sal was not finished though, as he came by with a gift bag for my husband, containing a jar of Patsy's Vodka Sauce. Such a nice thing to do. My only regret is that we were too full to try a dessert. Next time!
We dined upstairs, near where Frank Sinatra would dine after finishing a show at the Copa, Radio City or Carneige Hall. The maitre'd gave us the background, but only when we asked as he was very discreet. Oh and the food was fabulous. I love New York.
My spouse and I had dinner here after a show. The matre d was welcoming and gave us a table right away. It's deceiving they have an upstairs for additional seating. The menu is typical italian fare. I ordered eggplant parmesan and my spouse had spaghetti and meatballs. Both were noted as their specialties good but they have a hint of Greek flavor to them not pure italian. I might go back because the food and service was very good but if you're looking for authentic italian you need to look elsewhere. I did not care for their by the glass wine list.
My husband and I ate dinner here with friends a few days ago and it completely lived up to the hype! Everything about the meal was spectacular - from the service, to the appetizer, to the main course and even the dessert. I ordered a special pumpkin pasta that was perfect - pure, fresh pumpkin without being overloaded with spices. My friend and I also split the caesar salad, which was not swimming but tossed perfectly with just the right amount of dressing. I would highly recommend making reservations here for dinner - you will not be disappointed - or hungry when you leave!!
We fancied Italian food one evening, and I saw this restaurant listed in one of the New York guides, it sounded rather good, and as we were not far away walked along to find it. We hadn't made a reservation, and when we arrived it looked quite small from the outside, and very busy, this was around 8:30 ish. However once in we asked for a table for two,we were asked to wait a few moments, and our jackets were taken, within 3 mins we were escorted to the upstairs part of the restaurant which upon closer inspection was very elegant indeed though understated, and beautifully furnished, crisp white linen immaculate tables and attentive Italian waiters.We were shown to our table, and a menu appeared as if by magic. The menu was large, inventive, and we had no problems choosing our meal for the evening, the wine was chosen, with formative advice by our waiter, the starter was served quite quickly, steaming hot and delicious, as was the main dish. Our waiter was friendly and very efficient, and when we declined dessert as we were so full, I asked him what canoli was as I'd heard of it, but never tasted it, he came back minutes later with a little taster for us free of charge, which I thought was very nice of him.This restaurant was not cheap, but if you want a treat,or a special occasion I would certainly recommend it, if you like a little bit of old world charm and service this is your place, I would certainly go back. On checking the place over on the way out, it seems it's the go to place of an awful lot of celebrities around New York.
Food was perfect! I have never had veal like that before. Service size is healthy, filling but not massive. Service was professional and efficient, not overly friendly. Would visit again for sure!
It was like been in Italy the food was that good and the service was out of this world. Amazing dining experience. No wonder frank Sinatra ate here when he could. Pure bliss. 
Eating at Patsy's is pure pleasure. Reservations were honored on time and the service is impeccable. Every menu item delights the palate. Be sure to ask if they have the fried zucchini blossoms. We were seated upstairs and had a great table in a cozy, yet elegant atmosphere. While there are many famous visitors to Patsy's, everyone is made to feel special. A "must do" if you visit New York.
Our friend Mia! brought us to a delightful Italian restaurant Patsy's 236 West 56th St. It was delish. I enjoyed the meal the company the wine. Sal the owner made us feel sooo at home with all his stories and all the celebs that have been in his restaurant. Pure enjoyment, the gravy to die for. The cookies for desert which we were to full to finish topped the lunch. Will definitlly go back with my husband. Thank u Sal
By far the best Italian food in Manhattan. Generous portions, beautiful presentations, and melt in your mouth pasta with all the fanfare. Finally, delicious meatballs with nothing funky in them. Smooth velvety texture with endless flavor. Desserts are so authentic and amazing. If my Mom from Naples were still alive, she would have pinched Sal's cheeks, the ultimate approval. By the way, Frankie Avalon was at the next table. You will love this place and agree with me. Make sure you go to the one on 56th street. Pure class.
Came for a quick dinner before a ball.Had bucatini that was outstanding. Well balanced sauce with pancetta, delicious tomato flavor with thick spaghetti. 
Come to Patsy's because Sinatra made it famous, for the possibility of a chance encounter with one of the many famous people who call Patsy's their favorite New York restaurant, or like we did because it was recommended by a friend. You'll come back because third-generation owners, Sal and Lisa Scognamillo and their remarkable staff will have created an unforgettable experience that must be repeated. When we walked in, Lisa greeted us with a genuine smile and charm that instantly made us feel welcome. The wait staff extended Lisa's warmth with personal, professional service that was attentive but not smothering. The wine list is remarkable, extensive yet easy to use. It is organized in a way that allows easy selection by region, varietal, and price. We chose a beautiful 2011 Chianti Classico Riserva Ducale. I started with a house salad that was clearly made only from fresh vegetables topped with a beautifully balanced balsamic vinaigrette. My Striped Bass Marechiare was perfectly prepared—moist, tender with a sauce that complemented but did not overpower the fish. My wife began with Minestrone Soup followed by Chicken Cacciatora, both of which she complimented highly. For dessert we shared a decadent Cannoli Cake that neither of us had room for but both enjoyed. Toward the end of the evening, Sal escaped the kitchen and greeted each of his guests. He told us that his grandfather, Patsy (Pasquale), taught him always to say thank you. Sal and Lisa go well beyond that; they make you feel like part of their family. We will not wait for our next New York trip to experience Patsy's again; we'll return once more before we head home.
What to say....???!!!!! Atmosphere excellent, can totally see the history and the famous who were/are regulars. Service impeccable, friendly warm - adds to experience. Food out of this world. I had a sausage pasta special which was perfectly balanced and cooked with love. My husband had the chicken Marsala and is still not over it! Tender creamy loveliness created with skill and love. We forced down two Napoleons because...... YOU have TOO! This restaurant is a must in NYC if you like great Italian food and experience. A truly special place. Thank you to all at Patsy's!
I hate to write poor reviews but in this case I just cannot understand all the rave reviews here on TripAdvisor and feel they should be balanced with some honest feedback. Firstly the food is mediocre and best. I absolutely love Italian food but the past dishes we were served up were very uninspiring and very frankly grossly overpricedAll the pasta seemed soggy and the texture wasn't great. This might actually be a sign that the pasta is fresh made but if it is there is something going wrong in the kitchen.The sauces were bland and also watery which compounded the problem with the sloppy pasta.Service was very quick but the waiters all looked disinterested I thin we spent around $100 for a very average meal for two that was worth half that amount in my humble opinion. I do understand this place has history and I enjoyed all the memorabilia around the place but the current food doesn't do the place justice at all.
What a wonderful experience! Staff was friendly and professional. Good wine list. We shared the cold antipasto plate, which had roasted peppers, olives, various hard and soft Italian cheeses, cured meats, and prosciutto. Then, the outstanding spaghetti and meatballs, made with veal, and a wonderful, delicate marinara sauce that balanced the meatballs. A fine tiramisu for dessert. The chef/ owner made a point to visit each table and made everyone feel welcome and special.
Upon entering Patsy's you will notice the wall of celebrity photographs next to the bar. A lot of famous people have eaten at Patsy's over the years.I ordered a Caesar Salad, Rigatoni Sorrentino and a Napoleon. The Caesar Salad was fresh and balanced between the crisp romaine lettuce and the dressing. The Rigatoni Sorrentino was baked to perfection. The sauce was tangy, the rigatoni noodles were soft but still had a bit to them, the cheese covered every fork full but did not over power the noodle. The Napoleon was hands down the best Napoleon I have ever eaten! The crisp, flaky crust held a large portion of delicious filling. The piece was extremely generous and I enjoyed every bite. The restaurant decor is inviting and the staff is friendly. I will go back and will probably order the same meal because it was too tasty not to enjoy a second time.
We usually include a visit to Patsy's Italian Restaurant whenever we're in NYC. Back at Patsy's Sun., April 10th. Had an exceptionally good experience as always. Service spot on, food perfectly balanced, and a fine Brunello at a reasonable price. Even with the chef-owner out for the night the kitchen ran like a well oiled machine and our pasta dishes were exactly right (sausage with ziti and a spicy sauce and buccatini amatriciana). Veal scaloppini with mushrooms and light cream sauce and an amazing tripe Roman style to follow. Frankie (maître d') and Vinnie (chief steward) worked smoothly with our food and wine requests and just gave great service.Would recommend Patsy's to anyone for great and authentic Italian food with great atmosphere. Be sure to have a drink at the bar and sit by the bronze statue of Sinatra - it was his favorite restaurant we understand,
For whatever reason we have not been before. We went in the blizzard and they were going to close early. We had dinner reservations but swapped out for lunch. Dario our server was gracious and directed us to the best options. The red sauce is so balanced, nuanced, and what you dream of smelling when you walk in Nonas. Sal chef owner grandson of the founders was so modest. Wow. Will not miss this again
Once again at Patsy's, once again a wonderful experience. We travel to Italy frequently and you could pick Patsy's up, plop it down in Italy and the locals there would say "fantastico!". You can see why Sinatra loved the place. Service is "spot on", the flavors are masterfully balanced, the menu has something for everyone and its all good. We have a vineyard and winery down in Virginia (Three Fox Vineyards in Delaplane) so we have some sense about wine: Patys's wine list is excellent and very balanced on price points. We've eaten at Patsy's enough times now to have a good sense of the place. We've never had anything but a great meal and a great time. The Scognamillo family has been operating Patsy's for 3 generations now. They've definitely got it "down pat"!
For years, I like to think that no restaurant can make a Puttanesca as good as mine - until I had Patsy's. It (like mine) has the perfect blend of capers, chunk tomato, chopped gaeta olive, red pepper, and anchovy. Chef Sal knocks it out of the park with this one! My date had the linguine with white clams that was also well balanced and was not overly garlic like many establishments think is necessary. The House Salad and Tre Colore Salad (arugala, radicchio, & endive) were all large starters and very good. Only complaint - the price of wine from a wonderful list. While I'm use to paying double the SRP, I won't pay triple. Looking at the other tables, I saw only one with a bottle and they were drinking the bargain wine of the night (Cavit.) The wait service was professional and, the restaurant is tastefully decorated and comfortable. Chef Sal made two trips to the table during the visit. Bon Appitito!
The restaurant has two levels with small tables spaced very close together. Several wait staff were providing service to our table for 2. I had the chicken marsala and my husband had the tortellini – both were respectable. Good bread and salads. We reserved here for an early dinner before a Peter Frampton concert. After dinner, we walked 17 blocks to MSG – hey, this is New York and there was plenty to see and it was a very nice late summer evening.
We called and asked for a table on one-hour notice, and got one. Although it was Monday they were busy. This is a classic old-fashioned Italian restaurant. But not in Little Italy. Very pleasant place. We had nice pasta meals. Prices somewhat reasonable for New York. Frank Sinatra's family liked this place, and I can see why. A grandson of Patsy (who was a man) runs the place with his family and he came out and we had the nicest chat. He even gifted us a jar of their pasta sauce to take home. The internet well tell you Patsy's have had a couple problems with the health inspectors in the past. But we got a kick out of the restaurant and would be inclined to return when we go back to New York. LittleRedJohn
Just closed by the department of health! I'm not surprised by this either. People's hair touching their dessert cart. Waiters eating by the loud coffee station. We went for our yearly trip to the Rockefeller Tree.
We had made reservations for a steak house and at the last minute decided we wanted Italian- SO glad we did! Everything tasted fresh-unprocessed. Everyone enjoyed their meal! 
Visited whilst staying in NYC just before Christmas. Very busy with locals. Booked a table but still had to wait ten mins. Nothing for Veggies except a mushroom burger but that's to be expected! Everyone else said food was nice. Service was good. Nothing too pricey. Cab fare from Times Square was about $20. 
The barbeque here is really good. Even the chicken. Everyone we take here loves it. The veggies leave something to be desired but that's not why we come here. Great selection of beers on tap. Service efficient and very friendly.
Located on the outskirts of west Harlem, this immensely popular BBQ joint is well worth the schlep and deserves all of the positive reviews! A family member recommended this place and we all decided to visit, and we were all deeply impressed despite all having highly variable tastes. We shared the brisket sliders, Creole deviled eggs, BBQ chicken wings in various flavors, and several combo platters, and everything was heavenly. All of the meat was cooked slowly so as to soak in the flavors, and this gave the meat a rich quality that's hard to find. One of our party was vegetarian and ordered the BBQ mushroom reuben, which was also really good - not all meat restaurants know how to prepare a good vegetarian dish, but this place did very well. Also, we tried the BBQ Banh Mi out of curiosity, and the interacting flavors made for a delicious sandwich!
The bar-b-que is awesome - smoky, tender and the sauce is perfect. Don't miss the fried green tomatoes, mac & cheese, syracuse salted potatoes, iceberg wedge. We were too full to try dessert! Several fish options and the vegetarian smoked portobello mushroom sandwich is great. Hostess was very rude (which is why this is a 4-star rating) but the bartender was very nice, and our waiter, Mel, was excellent (ask for him!) This is a busy, noisy, fun place with great music playing and lots going on. Great place to go with a group so you can get lots of stuff to share!
Dinosaur is our of our favorite places to go when we visit our daughter in the city. The barbeque has a wonderful smokey taste and just the right amount of heat. All dinners come with a moist corn muffin and two sides; sandwiches come with a muffin and one or two sides. I love the Tres Ninos sampler with brisket, pulled pork, and ribs. With the corn bread and two sides it's just the right amount of food for me. There are plenty of options for small and big appetites, and some vegetarian choices too. There is a full bar that features seasonal beers on tap, bottled beers, and all types of cocktails. Casual atmosphere and good for all ages. 
This is the place to go! We had six adults (including a vegetarian) along with two children. Everyone's needs were taken care of. The beer list is long and the portions were plentiful! You must try the fried green tomatoes. They are unique. We ordered a platter with ribs, brisket and pulled pork for the carnivores. The vegetarian loved his vegetable smoked portobello. The children had Mac n' cheese. The sides were great as was the service. We went on a Monday and did not feel rushed at all!
Tender, tasty, flavorful ribs that are falling off the bone. Really good collard vegetarian collard greens. The best potatoe salad out side of my mothers kitchen. Bar tender's were friendly and mixed good cocktails, this was a great added bonus.
We hang out at Dino every chance we get! It's friendly, lively and fast...did I mention that the food is killer? I can say with certainty that anything you get will be amazing. I know this because we go there so much that I've seen pretty much everything they offer come across the table and I've never heard a bad report yet! I'm a vegetarian and they offer a vegetarian friendly menu which is hard to do in a BBQ spot! The food is seasoned perfectly and it's decadent! Just yummy all the way around! Fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs and wings are a staple at our table for starters and the greens, mac and cheese, potato balls, potato salad, sweet potatoes are all beyond phenomenal. This is a chain but our favorite will ALWAYS be the one in Harlem!
A must when visiting Nyc. Vegetarians steer clear, this is a meat lovers heaven! Highly recommend the ribs, probably the best we've ever had.Was nice to walk down to the river after lunch and cool off after the meat sweats set in. 
We arrived at dinosaur after a great morning walk through Harlem. As it was midday during the week we were shown to a table promptly and started to browse the extensive menu, my wife and daughter ordered pulled pork sliders, wings and ribs, I ordered the fried green tomatoes, they were heaven!. The meat dishes were brilliant on all accounts.We loved the decor, very rustic and eclectic, very cool.The service and staff really compliment this great place, Tasha looked after us and she was wonderful, genuinely friendly, warm and took time to chat to us, thank you Tasha.This is a must when visiting NYC, great food, great service and superb location in beautiful Harlem.Saving up for a return trip to NYC already, and yes we will return to Dinosaur.
I review on behalf of my celiac (gluten free) family, so, understand that gf-friendliness is always a huge slant of my reviews. Also, I'm a vegetarian.That said, every other member of my family loves BBQ to a borderline obsession. I was told by a friend from TX that Dino was the best in NYC, and my family concurs. I have never tried anything from here, I'm just going by what they say, but they have tried the best in every state between here and Texas, so I believe them.The ribs are St Louis style, dry rub, which is popular around our family. They also love the salt potatoes. The menu is gluten literate, which is very helpful. Location is "almost in the Hudson River" ... It would be a great place to reward yourself or gather with your training crew after a run ont he greenway, a hard session at Riverbank pool. it's right down the road.The online ordering system makes take-away very easy.
LIked the flavor the service was fine. The food was on time and relatively quick. this is not really for vegetarians so don't go if you are. Although the mac and cheese looked great! They didn't get gluten free but we made it work. I got the tres Nina (I think it was called) sample of all three signatures and that was the way to go. I would have regretted only getting one of the things (pulled pork, Rib or brisket). 
Although situated a bit off (which I find very positive, no tourist buses outside, yet...) this is a restaurant that is worth the taxi ride. Definitely not a place for vegetarians, but heaven if you like spare ribs and burgers. Loved the simple way everything was served, on plastic plates, and also super friendly service. On top of this, it is really price worthy. All in all highly recommended! But avoid the dirty toilets if you can :)
We dined ar Dinosaur in Newark, NJ for the first time today. We have been to the Harlem location several times, and to the Syracuse location multiple times. The Newark location was excellent! The food was, as usual, great. The combo platters were huge, and were actaully enough to share. Two of the people we dined with took food home. They even offer a vegetarian portobello sandwich and vegetarian rice and beans, which was delicious. The service was great, and the atmosphere was great. Looking forward to going again soon!
I'm a vegetarian, so obviously wasn't too thrilled when I got dragged there. From what the meat-eaters were saying though, not the greatest bbq they've had.
We visited New York for the 2nd time as a family and I had read great things about Dinosaur BBQ so we went to find out for ourselves. Taking the 1 train to 125th st we got off and it was really a straight up the road walk to the restaurant. We had zero wait for a table and were fortunate enough to arrive during Happy hour, this was no problem though and the Hostess/waitress that seated us was more than happy to put the 5 of us in her "VIP booth" as she told my boys, which delighted my youngest. Sitting and having a look over the menu we were spoilt for choice but eventually I opted for a 3 choice platter and my wife went for the pulled pork. My daughter had a plain cheese burger and my two youngest both opted for chicken fingers and fries. To drink I had a Donkey Punch cocktail which was very drinkable.Being that my wife is gluten free it was very nice to see a wide range of options for her and she has said she wants to go back again so cant ask for more. Our waiter was great and very patient and more than happy to sell me a bottle of the Wango Tango sauce to take home, my only slight disappointment was that I couldn't get any other merchandise at the restaurant 
A must try if in Brooklyn...you will think your down south. Brisket a must try. Great atmosphere, live music at night, offers some outdoor seating and has a gluten free menu as well
You wouldn't think an American BBQ place would have gluten free options! But this place is one of the best in the city and it has it's own dedicated menu for those that are gluten intolerant. In saying that, myPartner is a coeliac and the server was very understanding of his allergy and eased our mind. I ordered the Dino sliders and some ribs, while my partner order a larger serve of ribs and a few sides. Huge servings and very delicious! Overall we had a great time here and would recommend it to others! 
My husband and I love bbq….Dinosaur has the best wings. We've been to several locations but prefer the one in Harlem. I have celiac and eat gluten free and was safety able to enjoy both the wings and ribs.
Great BBQ when you are in the NYC area. Very nice to get a little further north and away from some of the hustle and bustle of downtown. Nice walk from the Apollo theater to here, passing the historic Cotton Club. Fun location in Harlem, right next to the Hudson.Food was quite good. Nowhere near the best BBQ I've had, but very good. Nothing can beat Hard 8 in Texas. Got the brisket and smoked sausage. Very delicious, the sausage was my favorite. Mac and cheese was great as well. My mother has Celiac disease, and therefor cannot eat gluten without a severe reaction. The waitress was very helpful and respectful with this. Plate even came out a different color than everyone else's to ensure the whole staff knew of the food allergy.Make sure to make a reservation.I did receive a call from them, that i did not answer, and no message was left on the morning of my reservation. I called them back, and followed the phone prompts to what I thought was the front desk. I explained my situation, that they had called me, and I wanted to ensure there was no problem with the reservation. I was very rudely told that I was calling the carry-out area, and that they could not connect me with the front podium, that I would have to call back and make sure to press the right prompts (which i thought i had done). This was the only bad thing I had to report.
Let's start with the positive...the gluten free menu is quite extensive and the food was delicious. The negatives are that the service was poor and the Harlem location didn't seem to be managed very well. It was Memorial Day weekend so maybe it was just a blip. Food was worth it and I would be willing to try it again.
Conveniently located near Fairway, great food shopping and the Hudson River. You can have pretty views so while you will have to wait- you have options.The service is good. They will call your cell phone when your table is ready. We had to wait on a very cold Sunday evening- so in the good weather, my experience has been longer waits but still good service. I have gone with a party of two up to a party of a dozen and the service has been consistent. The last time, I ordered the full bar-b-que pork rake with two sides to share.We were really stuffed and could not have eaten dessert, or the deviled eggs, and wings that everyone around us ordered. They do serve the full rake for for two people for $3.00 more with two extra sides and an additional corn muffin- Personally, more food than we could eat and we did see people with that order, taking "doggie bags".They do have a gluten free menu, which basically has most of the same dishes just fewer sides and bread adjustments.
Delicious food, clean establishment, very affordable. Great drinks.. 2 min walk from The R train Stop Union street 4th ave.
We went on a Saturday night and things started well. Our reservation (made and reconfirmed by phone) saw us to a table after only a moment's wait in a holding area, so we avoided the queues outside.It took a long time, though, for our waiter to come, a longer time for drinks to arrive and a longer time still for the food. When the food did arrive, it wasn't particularly hot, not that you'd expect food cooked-to-order here. Warmer would have been good though. Side orders had been messed up; we didn't get what we wanted, though this was fixed. A requested coffee never arrived.The meats were ok, but just. As mentioned, not very warm. The ribs and the brisket both seemed quite dry and a bit overcooked, not rescued by the sauces. The chicken was fine, moist and tender. The pulled pork was the best of the lot. Our burger-eater was satisfied, but reported it as being nothing special.The atmosphere is good, noisy but not unreasonably so and the décor is fine. Toilets were in heavy need of maintenance, not particularly clean with overflowing paper towel bins.All-round, then, a disappointment.
This restaurant was always one of my favorites. Although I found them a little pricey for the fare , the food was always excellent and the service outstanding.I met an old coworker here last night Tuesday 12/22/15 for dinner. she is a foodie and lives downtown NYC. The food was terrible and our server must have od'd on Zanax or something. I was mortified that the ribs were UNDERCOOKED( PORK......REALLY) and the fried green tomatoes were hard as a brick. The server refused to bring me a double shot of Patron because he said I would get more if I ordered it by the single shot. I never heard such ridiculousness in my life and I am 60 years old. My friend's salmon was equally horrible, I tasted it. It had no flavor and was swimming in some kind of disgusting sauce. This is quite a step down from the place I visited this paster August 2015. They need to clean up t!!!!!!here act !!!!!Seriously
We celebrated our 24th yr. Anniversary there it was a Wonderful and Romantic experience. We were given a table for TWO and the waiter was so Polite and tentative to our needs even the guy who cleans the tables was nice and kept us stocked with clean utensils and holding hand space. My old man still got it. We made reservations in advance and was greeted kindly. Even when the Tasty Sweetheart Meal Deal was over the waitress bought us a Slice of Rich Strawberry Cheese cake as a Surprise. This was a Wonderful Restaurant and Day to Remember
I enjoyed my time at Dino BBQ so much that I went back a few days later! My girlfriends and I went on a Sunday evening and it was still v busy and atmospheric! I went a few days later for dinner with family and it was a tad more frantic, staff were more pushed and they brought me the wrong meal (I didn't even realise so I ended up with free chicken on the house!) but I still had a great time and would recommend! Fantastic margaritas. Excellent friendly service on both experiences, with very knowledgable hosts! The fried green tomatoes are amazingggg as are the ribs, those bones went back completely clean! The combo plate with fried chicken and ribs was my favourite, with mac n cheese and an iceberg wedge as sides! The pulled pork plate was great, I could only manage half though! All in all a great experience and I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in NYC! 
My hubby and I along with another couple went to NY for a long weekend. We decided that each of us would choose a restaurant for a sit-down dinner. This was one of them that our friends picked. We all agreed after the long weekend of eating out that this was in the top 2! Downhome, friendly, open-clean kitchen, but most of all the food was sooooo good and very reasonably priced. We all ate for under $100.00 We ordered one of the family meals together so we could all try a little bit of everything. WOW! Don't hesitate if your mouth is watering for BBQ. Browse a menu while you wait.
It's not Kansas City or St. Louis, but for New York, it's very good barbaque. Large portions, meats are very good. Ribs and briskit. Side also good-mac and cheese particularly. Service a bit slow and disjointed. Not pricey. Overall well worth going.
Gave this a go after reading and hearing some good things about the place and as soon as you walk through the door you just know this place is the real deal. Big warm welcome, a great bar to grab some drinks and a great vibe from the locals, tourists and team working here. BBQ wings were everything you would expect in America and the Ribs are also delightful. I have visited NYC three times and despite the hundreds and thousands of eateries nothing compares to this for authentic BBQ American food. This looks, feels and tastes of everything you would expect to find in America and it’s well worth the trip as it’s a good 10-15 mins drive from Central Park.TIP: Book in advance if your looking to be seated straight away. Although you can wait and sit at the bar which is a pretty cool experience in itself. Hopefully this Dinosaur doesn’t go extinct as we’ll sure be back on future visits. 
Again a place chosen because of their ratings on TripAdvisor. This time expectations were met! When in New York with the Family it is hard to satisfy all regarding food. Dinosaur BBQ has a 'FAM STYLIN BBQ' that serves 4-6; so Ribs/Chicken/steak/salad fries etc for just $69.99 which isn't a lot (learned that later that week) and it DOES serve 4-6! We were served by Charleen, ask here for a local beer. Tasted great, so thanks again!
Lucky for me I was working with a local and asked about his Dinosaur BBQ hat. A small group of us headed over to dinosaur BBQ for lunch. The service was fast and friendly. The food was great. I couldn't eat it all!We started with deviled eggs. Delicious if you like deviled eggs. In our group of six there was not one complaint about the quality or quantity of the meal. In fact I couldn't finish and took a box of leftovers. Equally delicious reheated for dinner! I had the pulled pork and brisket, my go-tos at any BBQ place.Only negative, parking! We lucked out but there are not a lot of options for parking.
We came on a sat night 630pm. We were told estimated waiting time is 1 hour which ended up to 2.5 hr. That was a very long wait and we were in a rush for our midnight flight home so this last meal was definitely not a nice ending to our trip. Our waitor was very nice, when we told him we are rushing for our flight, he definitely speed up the serving process for us. Thumbs up to him! Food was above average but I don't think the long wait is worth the wait. 
It's not a typical tourist place, being up in Harlem, but don't let that put you off. We dropped in here because we were off to The Apollo for Amateur Night (you REALLY should do this if you are going to NYC). It was one of the best meals we had. Service staff were very friendly and attentive. It gets very busy, so you might need to book (we went on a Wednesday, early evening, and it was still full).All the food is freshly prepared, and you get LOTS OF IT. We were really glad that our waitress suggested we might have been ordering too much because we would not have got close to eating it all had we not listened to her.Really nice atmosphere in the place, and it was full of locals who were having a good time.Well worth the trip. Go.
We visited this place as it was recommended by locals. It's great food if you want ribs, chicken, slow cooked pork etc. very tasty simple food and inexpensive. They seemed to have very few staff serving so service was quite slow but maybe that was just a one off staffing issue. They have a cool bar also so if you have to wait you won't be bored.
Dinosaur BBQ has some of the best BBQ in New York City. Their location in a two story building by the west side drive allows them to use wood burning smokers and it makes a real difference. They have great chickens wings which are large and moist and as hot as you like them. They also have great ribs and the pulled pork and beef brisket are excellent. Their sauces are excellent and available for purchase at the restaurant and in our local stop and shop. They have a good bar and wide selection of draft beers. Our only concern is parking can be a problem.
This is a terrific place to experience authentic BBQ cooking. It's in Harlem, 'the joint is jumping' and the food is excellent. Amazing ribs and wings marinated forever in wonderful spices. Beer was good too. You probably need to go with a local as we did!
Our first day in NYC had us arriving in Harlem after being ripped off by Uber Taxi.We then bought 3 metro tickets on the station conductors advice to be later told we only needed 2 and then braved the subway and bus to get here. After sitting inside we instantly relaxed. Friendly staff who were only willing to help put us at ease. My 8 year old asked me if he was going to get stolen....shows what our first impressions of Harlem was.To date my favourite ribs in the U.S. Have been Phils BBQ in San Diego however you do not want to give Dinosaur BBQ a miss. The real plus of this restaurant are the brilliant staff. Massive serves, great selection of local beers plus a happy hour at the bar between 5.00 and 7.00 weekdays. Next time we go my wife wants to try the jalapeño margarita .
First time in this restaurant and loved it! You feel like a local when you step inside and thats make you want to eat more:) Mix starter platter is so yummy that you get excited about the next thing. The wings are the best. I never had such a meaty wing before. Red meat was also excellent. I had beef briscit and my husband got the full rack. Beef was so soft and juicy. Also the sauce on top of it was delicious. The rack was a bit dry but still ok. The sides that you get to choose with your meat seemed quite creative. Once you taste them you get surprised with how those ingredients get along well in one dish. Beer selection was quite wide if you are a beer lover which i am. Strongly suggest this place for a great bbq experience in a cozy atmosphere.
I think the hype with this place must be more about the atmosphere alone. Lots of locals were spotted on my visit We waited for an 1hr at the bar for drinks. We were told that they would text us when a table was available. Since we didn't have local lines. They kindly offered to come and find us and for this I gave the extra star.I had the full rack of ribs with cornbread, chips & collard greens. I was expecting the ribs to be sensational. They weren't to my liking not fall of the bone, melt in your mouth kind of ribs. Plus I wasn't entirely wowed by the sauce. My hubby as well had the brisket and found it just average. Overall the meal was OK, but I've had better ribs.
Great food and also a huge selection of local beers. Very lively and live music on the night that we were there, a very enjoyable evening and yes we would go again.
A taste of Harlem in a safe and fun environment. Food (especially the ribs) and service are great! Menu is varied. We had made reservations but there were still some tables unoccupied when we left on that Saturday night. We were not rushed out to leave and so had time to thoroughy enjoy our experience. Our waitress was very nice and took the time to answer all our questions.
I had lunch with a started of buffalo wings and green fried tomatoes and a main brisket and pulled pork with sweet potato mash and macaroni. All was very good, but the brisket was fabulous, definitely my favourite, followed by the pulled pork and the delicious mashed sweet potato. We had the meal at the bar to avoid waiting for a table and the service was excellent and friendly. You see lots of locals and newyorkes in the place, although it was listed in my guide book. This was the best meal I had in NYC.
Très bon restaurant de barbecue cadre typique des États-Unis, très bon accueil, service impeccable… Donc rien à dire 👍👍👍👍
Acht Leute mit Reservierung in einem rappelvollen Laden - was soll da schiefgehen? Nun: die Reservierung war verschwunden. Als wir dann schon an der Theke standen, um unser Essen mit nach Hause zu nehmen, bekam die Managerin Wind von der Situation, besorgte uns einen Tisch und erst mal ein paar Vorspeisen auf's Haus. Was für eine tolle Geste. Unser Anderem hatten wir die Fried Green Tomatoes. Den Film fand ich immer schon doof, diese Tomaten hingegen waren ein Gedicht! Es gab noch ein paar kleinere Hähnchenteile in einer spicy Sauce sowie Nachos mit Brisket oder pulled Beef/Pork - ich weiß es nicht, ist auch egal, alles war super. Genau wie das original pulled Sandwich von der Park Shoulder. Einzig der kreolische Kartoffelsalat als Side Dish war nicht so meins, zu schwer. Wir hatten richtig Spaß, leckeres Essen, gute Getränke und einen exzellenten Service!
Wow what a great restaurant! Enjoyed an early New Year’s Eve dinner with family and friends and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Excellent selection of food and drink with highlights including the chicken chunks, combo plates and burgers. Our server Nicky couldn’t have been more helpful.
A friend recommended Dinosaur BBQ to us for our recent trip to the big apple.I always do research on a restaurant and knew straight away what we were going to have. Both ordered a combo plate with 3 meats and 2 sides. Also comes with corn bread.We tried; pulled pork, St Louis ribs, brisket with jalapeño, pork belly, jalapeño cheddar hot link and alamaba white pulled chicken.If all food here is as delicious as what we had then you literally can't go wrong. If you are a bbq lover, then go here 100%
Toto místo musí navštivit každý.Skvělé jídlo i obsluha.Možnost během večeře sledovat sportovní přenosy.My jsme se zde měli pokaždé skvěle.
Un peu éloigné du centre, mais mérite le trajet. Cadre agrable avec une décoration sympa. Carte classique ribs hamburger… Excellent Taille différente selon les appétits. Les sides sont aussi super une mention spéciale pour le colesmow. Un incontournable lors de nos séjour à New York.Bravo !
We decided to visit after viewing their exciting looking menu and high rating on TripAdvisor. We made the trip from near Central Park and it was so worth it. Very good value for money, lovely staff and food came out quickly despite how busy it was. If we was to come back to New York again we would definitely visit again.
Certe décentré par rapport à Manhattan, mais vaut le détour ! Des ribs tendres et juteux et une garniture à choix.De plus le cadre est superbe !! A chaques visites un régal !
Good atmosphere at the Restaurant, the guys working there are friendly and you get what you order in little time. Quality is good but not excellent!
Best barbecue in townAll the other sides are excellent Fast and kind service. Ribs are so tender yet juicy. Parking is bit difficult but worth going.
Superbe expérience avec un très bon serveur, très attentionné ! Les ribs sont excellents et très appétissants. Très beau cadre !!!!
Excelente comida a precios razonables. Fácil de llegar (metro y caminar 10 minutos) y con muy buena atención de todos los que trabajan ahí.Lugar 100% recomendable.
Ottimo BBQ restaurant ad Harlem dove abbiamo mangiato dell’ottima carne, in particolare il brisket e il maiale erano deliziosi. Anche il posto è davvero caratteristico e il cameriere che ci ha serviti è stato molto gentile e simpatico
So we visited the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que on our recent trip to NYC having originally visited back in 2015. Having been our standout favourite eatery it really had to be done!Last time, being 2 young naive brits, we opted for the sweetheart platter - a full rack of ribs with 4 sides.....we left feeling extremely full but very happy!7 years later and 7 years older, had we learnt... had we hell! We opted for the sweetheart platter again with 4 carby sides of skin on fries, whipped sweet potatoes, mac'n'cheese and spicy bbq rice - oh and a piece of cornbread each for good measure.Ribs - cooked to perfection with the meat falling off the bone, these were just as we had remembered. Smoky and with the signature house rub and sauce these beauts packed a punch of flavour with every bite.Fries - Skin on fries rarely fail and they certainly don't here. The perfect balance between crispy and fluffy, salty and peppery they are just perfect.Whipped Sweet Potato - The first time we visited was the first time I'd tried whipped sweet potato. I've been trying to recreate this at home for the last 7 years ever since....I thought I was close....this trip reminded me I still have so much to learn. Light and fluffy with those caramelised spiced nuts on top are not to be missed.Mac 'n' Cheese - I've not got a huge amount to compare this too as I don't often get this as a side truthfully, but it was macaroni and it was oh so cheesy! BBQ Fried Rice - Not spicy as such, I suspect they use a rib style rub in the rice with some of the meats they serve up infused within the rice with spring onions and other vegetables. A banging and somewhat moreish side to accompany the ribs.Cornbread - One of their standout staples the cornbread is just perfect. Not to be messed with, a classic and one to be eaten and admired.**Note** - Whilst all of the above are delicious, 4 carby sides between 2 people is A LOT OF FOOD! They don't skimp on the portions either so be prepared to eat if you go for that combo.The service as always was superb, after 7 years it felt like returning home. I remember the first time being somewhat apprehensive up in Harlem but this time I felt like I was where I was meant to be. Friendly, super attentive and happy to have a chat - what more could you ask for?The sweetheart platter for $42 is a STEAL! I felt like we were going to underpay - so the team got a larger tip so I didn't feel like I was running away having underpaid.All in all, I couldn't recommend this place enough, next time I hope to hit the Brooklyn venue too.....but I'll still be back to Harlem
I had a lot of fun here. It was a great day and someone was nice enough to give me a table quickly. Plus most of the customers are friendlier than at other places.
We went here yesterday for dinner. Where concerned a bit as is Harlem and on the 125 street. So we said lets go to check out and than we still can turn around. For our big surprise no situation we faced when arrived. In the pub where many nationalities and colours, however still had the old style. The food was excellent unbeatable! The rib the chicken wings and the pia, one of the best which I ever had. I can not say more thenn compliments !
Delicious ribs and Mac n cheee. The thing I miss most about home is the bbq cookouts my family would do. Dinosaur never disappoints and brings back all those good memories and flavors.
Jag åt sliders (cheeseburgare, pulled pork, brisket) som var de bästa jag ätit och fortsatte med en av de saftigaste och välrökta ribs som jag ätit. Magi - rekommenderas starkt!
Two Brits in the Big Apple - We visited the Brooklyn branch of Dinosaur Bar-B-Que for dinner before attending a Nets basketball game at the Barclay’s Centre. Service was friendly and the food was delicious. I had the pork plate with sides of Mac-n-cheese and BBQ rice and my boyfriend had the brisket plate with sides of fries and BBQ rice and we were both extremely satisfied with our food. Would definitely re-visit.
To miejsce jest „must” na twojej liście kulinarnej. Żeberka są idealne, mięso miękkie, odchodzi od kości, dodatki pyszne. Cena może być.
We went all the way up here on our nyc trip to taste dat bbq everyone was talking bout. Yum. Staff was the nicest but food was on par 4 sho
One thing I wanted to try on my first visit to the USA was traditional American BBQ and Dinosaur Bar-B-Que lived up to my expectations.The atmosphere inside was relaxed and calm, the waitress was attentive and charming and the food was full of flavour, tender and juicy.I tried the Ribs and Brisket and my fiancée had the Pulled Pork Sliders and it was all incredible.Would recommend anyone going to NYC to try this place :)
Dans un calme inhabituel pour ce restaurant, accueil souriant, efficace. Service parfait. Plats toujours excellent pour qui aime les ribs; 3/4 de rack est suffisant.Tres bon burger aussi. Rapport qualite prix tres bon, il faut simplement monter à la 125th rue. Une excellent adresse et qui le reste.
Es una gran taverna norte-americana ideal para comer una bbq estilo texana. Todo estaba muy bueno y el ambiente es muy confortable . Fuimos a la sucursal de harlem y estaba muy tranquilo el barrio.
The servers where very attentive . Manager was very pleasant . Love the decor . The quality of the food was outstanding .
It's not Kansas City or St. Louis, but for New York, it's very good barbaque. Large portions, meats are very good. Ribs and briskit. Side also good-mac and cheese particularly. Service a bit slow and disjointed. Not pricey. Overall well worth going.
A “take out” refresher. Was in the city for a dentist’s appt, called the fam and said “who wants Dinosaur?!” (Didn’t even have to say BBQ). All “yes”. So ordered a rack of ribs and a brisket and some sides (greens, Korean pickles, cole slaw). But the time I got up there on my way home it was hot amd ready. Pickup safe and easy. Got home and aaah. The bark on those ribs! Glad to see in this upside down world some things are still as good as ever. Thank you Dinosaur BBQ!
Great BBQ spot. Good meats, sliders, sides. Their Mac n Cheese is one of my favorites. Wings & burgers are pretty good too. Def try the half & half ice tea / lemonade. 
I had a wonderful dinner here of a half rack of ribs, roasted corn and greens. Every bite was flavorful and beautifully cooked. Th corn bread (tiny piece that it was) was very flavorful as well. The service was exceptional. Friendly, efficient. Everyone seemed to care. The protocols for COVID were followed seamlessly. I felt very safe here.My only complaint were the cocktails. I think they could have a better cocktail menu with more flavorful and unusual concoctions. I tried 2 different cocktails and the best I could say is meh.Overall, I would come back here in a heartbeat and probably have beer or wine. Highly recommend.
great experience all around. we were riding bikes in riverside and got off to switch citbikes. the station was right near the restaurant and the smell outside was amazing. it was during the pandemic and tape was on floor to maintain proper distance. service was spectacular, nicest and most efficient service. we ordered and waited in bar area. we were allowed to use t he bathroom and it was spotless and interestingly decorated. the drink was the best drink ive had out in years. STRONG. the donkey punch is highly recommended, they dont go light on alcohol which was nice. who needs a glass of mix and juices? the ribs were excellent. i googled later to see where we went and was surprised to see that i have been to the one in rochester as well (also delicious and great decor). top notch. i guess we were lucky it was a pandemic so we had minimal wait time. there were others in line and out the door and in bar but all social distancing. very cheerful environment and so delicious.
We were on our way to the hockey game at the Prudential Center and stopped by this gem for dinner. The food was wonderful THe beef brisket was tasty and so good. The coleslaw was homemade and fresh. The pork sandwich was also good. I love this restaurant. Our waitress Kelly made the whole experience even better. Hope to return when we are back in the area.
Dinosaur BBQ has delicious St. Louis and Korean Style BBQ! The meat fell off the bone and so flavorful and fresh. There are also several sides to choose from...like mac and cheese! Located next to The Prudential Center! Go before your next sporting event or concert, but get there early!!!! It gets packed!
Dinosaur is a must if you love bbq!!Fried green tomatoes, pork ribs and mac n cheese w/ fresh cut fries as side.That’s it!!
This was my first time at Dinosaur BBQ. I really didn't know what to expect. But when we arrived I knew from the start that I'd enjoy it. The staff and food are good. The place attracts a diverse group of diners of all backgrounds and ages. I loved the fact that a lot of families with children come here too. It makes for a fun dining experience, but one with a large selection of tasty food to choose from. I had the turkey burger with one side (cole slaw). The burger was ample size, prepared well, tasted fresh and met my expectations. Overall this is a fun place to try. I don't always get uptown but whenever I do I'll try and make it a point to stop by here again.
Been here with friends about 4 years ago. Came here again with our daughter so she can try too. We got to the restaurant around 4pm on a Saturday afternoon. Were seated immediately. Waitress came by to take our drink and appetizer order. The restaurant is separated into two areas. One side is their bar with some high tables and chairs. One side is regular tables and chairs. Service was good and food came out perfect timing. We ordered 13 Wango Tango wings as our appetizer. The sauce had a little kick to it but we liked it a lot. The size of the wings were a little on the small size in our opinion only because we’ve had wings from other restaurant that are bigger than theirs. Hubby ordered the Pick Your Own Combo with Pulled Pork, St. Louis Ribs and 1/4 Chicken with Mac & Cheese and Fresh Cut Fries as his 2 sides. I ordered Skirt Steak with BBQ Beans with Pork and Broccoli Chickpea Salad as my 2 sides. Our daughter ordered Fried Rice Plate a side of Fresh Cut Fries. She didn’t really like the fried rice much not because it didn’t taste good. It is just a different taste than she is used to. My skirt steak was a bit on the chewy side, but a good portion. The Broccoli Chickpea Salad was really good. BBQ beans was just as good as I remembered it from 4 years ago. Hubby liked everything on his order. We all enjoyed our food with only 1 exception. Heir corn break was pretty blend. We all expected it to have more flavor into it. All in all, we enjoyed it and will be back again.
We were recommended this restaurant by a friend and we're so glad we visited.We were greeted by a lovely hostess who showed us to a booth and then were introduced to our lovely waitress N'Tasha. She was very attentive and lovely! The food was quick to come out, was fresh and so incredibly delicious! We also shared a pitcher of the dinosaur pale ale and that too was really good!The whole meal was around $60 which we thought was really good value for money considering the amount of food we received. We also got ourselves a bottle of their bbq sauce just for filling in a survey online (well worth doing as the sauce is delicious).
I went to school in Syracuse, New York where Dinosaur BBQ started. A club I belonged too had the original founder speak of Dinosaur speak to us at their first location. Celebrations happened there, that's where parent took their kids when they visited. I love this place (In Syracuse).However, it seems to have changed drastically since I went to school (or at least the Harlem location is pale in comparison to the original).I pre-placed an order today at 1pm for $70 worth of food. It was suppose to be delivered at 7pm and arrived shortly after that time. Upon opening the bag, I noticed my food, chicken wings, were missing and the wrong sandwich was delivered. I called up dinosaur and was told very rudely there was nothing they could do and that they didn't have any drivers. I waited an hour and half, until the end of the meeting that the food was ordered for and called Grubhub. They were great, they helped get the money refunded. And after they went back and fourth with the restaurant who said they found the wings that were supposed to be delivered and wanted to know if they should be sent over. The woman on Grubhub told me to just reorder, that way I'd get fresh food and she even gave me a Grubhub voucher to cover the cost.After reordering the food, it was delivered again. I noticed the bag was especially heavy. It not only contained the wings, but a sandwich, mac and cheese, creamed corn and ALAS! My wings. All the food (I didn't order the second time) was hot... except the wings. They were ice cold.I called up Dinosaur and told them that I think they sent the old (found) wings with hot food and the person who answered the phone said "That's exactly what happened". After asking to speak to a manager for a few minutes, I was finally passed to a 'manager' who was also rude and said that what the other employee said, wasn't the case. When I told her what the first employee said, I was put on hold again and then spoke to a third person, another manager. I told him the whole story but he insisted that they don't serve old food and make their food to order. When I mentioned the conversation an employee had with Grubhub about sending me the wings they had found, he put me on hold for a moment and came back very apologetic. This manager then asked me what I ordered, took down my address and said they would be sending an employee to me apartment in a cab with my food.Why did it take three deliveries and literally hours of effort to order my dinner? Corporate needs to look at their model and seriously consider what message they want to send to their customers... because frankly. the one I got was that instead of throwing old food in the trash, they sent it to me for dinner..... which I can't imagine is very sanitary and makes me wonder what else they shouldn't be doing...
I love how this restaurant had such a mix of people coming in. Families, blue collar, business lunches, etc. The appetizer wings with jerk seasoning are delicious and it's freshly grilled. This isn't like eating at a Wingstop where the wings are so puny and and a bit too crispy... I also recommend the Mac and cheese and fries. A small Mac and cheese with six wings was enough to fill me up for lunch. 
We are longtime customers of Blue Smoke on E 27th. Needless to say there have been changes there with the menu that we did not like, so upon the recommendation of friends, we gave this a try. First, its easy to get to. The 1 train to 125th St. and 2 walk 2 blocks toward the river. Upon our arrival, the hostess instantly reminded me of Lawanda Page, who played Aunt Esther on Sanford and Son(in a good, sassy and 'fresh" way...You Tube that show and you will see what I mean. We were seated most directly and had the sweetheart deal for 2. The ribs were outstanding. There were four sides that we chose, the cole slaw and potato salad were ok, the beans and mac and cheese weren't that good. Dessert was incredible. Banna coconut cream pudding and a strawberry rhubarb pie completed the meal, and honestly, we would go back just for the desserts. The cost for us was around 60 for 2 and we honestly are trying to find the time to get back there.
Two couples ordered the Family Stylin’ BBQ (1 whole chicken, 1 whole rack of ribs, ½ pound pork, ½ pound brisket, BBQ Beans with Pork, Fresh Cut Fries, Cole Slaw). It was all OK, but I heard so much hype about this place, I expected more.I love BBQ sauce - but there wasn't much on anything and the bottled sauce on the table was runny (and tasted OK). The atmosphere is great - if all I wanted to do was have a beer and an appetizer.
My sister, uncle, and I took my dad to Dinosaur BBQ in Harlem as part of his 87th birthday celebration. We were pleased with the wonderful service and the great food. To begin, even though it was a Saturday night, we were able to find parking right next to the restaurant. Upon entering the establishment, it was very busy and crowded. Steven made sure we were immediately seated close to the restaurant's entrance in the midst of all the usual weekend hustle and bustle. We placed our orders right away of BBQ chicken, BBQ ribs, beef brisket, bronzed catfish, and several very tasty sides! My dad had the chicken and really enjoyed it! The brisket was juicy, and tangy. The catfish was fresh and tasty! The spicy corn, which was the side of the day, was an excellent choice!! My uncle said the ribs were a little tough, yet instead of sending them back, he took them home anyway to soften them up!! We were also offered a selection of fabulous looking desserts but had to refuse due to being stuffed from the entrees! The bill being just under $70 for a party of four helped seal the deal! I have eaten at this particular location before, and it held up to my previous fantastic eating experiences. Thank you Dinosaur BBQ for helping with the celebration of my dad's being 87 years young and still going strong!!
It's a loud bustling place with all kinds of folks chowing down for no reason at all except for being hungry. We've been there numerous occasions at different times of day and it can get packed with groups celebrating special occasions (lots of Columbia U grads), family dinners, office workers, etc. We almost always get the sweetheart special - a whole slab of ribs and 4 sides you can pick from an extensive list including a good mac n cheese and excellent fresh cole slaw. Their business is very good and you get a friendly greeting from the front desk. The busy servers are trying to do everything right. We like their ribs and it's all fairly priced.
We went here for our friend's surprise birthday dinner during the winter. I love barbeque and southern cooking and try to eat it any chance I get. Seeing the menu here I got excited...so much to choose from! As an appetizer we ordered a bunch of wings with different sauces for the table. I have to say they were pretty spectacular. They were meaty and tasty and fresh and everthing else you want in a sauced wing. My main entree of their pulled pork sandwich was sub par and very disappointing to me. You win some you lose some! Plus it is extremely popular to eat here so the waits are long. Make sure you have a reservation and try to avoid the bar area because it gets packed. They get 3 stars on their wings alone!
When we went there was a birthday party. This set the happy and wonderfull mood for the whole evening. Food was lovely and the experience was absolutely faboulus. Price for the food was very competitive given the quality of what was being served.
We have been coming to Dinosaur for years but our experience with Charleen as our server recently was so awful that I cannot imagine going back any time soon with the kind of service issues that we experienced. Charleen was polite - for the 3 minutes total she managed to be at our table during what ended being a 3 hour dinner because she kept disappearing. Our appetizers arrived before our drinks, we had to literally physically go find her 20 minutes after our appetizers arrived to ask about our drinks. Appetizer plates took another 30 mins to clear (it really is miserable sitting in front of a pile of dirty dishes forever)- food took another hour to arrive. Meanwhile the tables that were seated well after us were already eating their entrees while we were just getting our drinks!!. Charleen seemed to have a table of personal friends she was focused on - and I had the bizarre and unfortunate experience of watching her her hold a napkin out in front of her friends(?) face for her to spit something into. Every time we looked for her for our food, drinks etc she was either at this other table or completely gone all together.When it came time to ask for the check she was gone again. Again, one of our party physically got up from the table to look for her - still unsuccessful we found another server and asked her to find Charleen for our bill.The grand finale came when we asked Charleen to split the bill 2 ways - nothing complicated - she charged our credit card the full amount of the total bill and our friends card the split amount!! Again we couldn't find her to correct the bill - so we tracked down a manager to credit the $100 she had over charged us.We all left really upset since this was supposed to be a celebratory evening and instead we left miserable and stressed out about the whole night.Dinosaur please look into this and while you are at it the bathrooms were BEYOND disgusting!!! Food is great but horrible service and bathrooms worse than Port Authority can really ruin an evening.
After living on the west coast for over 10 years, it was great to get back to a Dinosaur BBQ (went to college in Rochester), and it was just as delicious as I remembered. The dry-rub on the ribs is just amazing, the baked beans were incredible and the sauce was as great as ever (need to get a bottle to take home next time). This restaurant lacks a little bit of the authenticity that the Rochester and Syracuse restaurants have (whole biker bar/blues theme), but the food is every bit as good. So glad we stopped in for dinner on our way out of the city! So nice to no that some things don't change over time!
Visited for dinner on our last night in NYC, whole family loved their food especially the brisket and the service was great! Highly recommend.
Visited the Harlem branch of Dino BBQ when visiting from the UK my 1st tip pre book via top table as this place even on a Tuesday night was banging!Atmosphere was amazing and the staff super helpful.This place has a great beer selection and if you don't know what is what then ask as they know their products.As for the food OMFG I had the combo so chose brisket and pulled pork with a selection of two home made sides I opted for fries and bbq beans and this is by far the best BBQ food that my mouth has ever tasted in my whole life and as for their ribs they are out of this world!!If I earnt a big enough salary I would say if you don't like it then I would give you your money back as I really do think it is that damn good and the moment I am back in NYC Dinosaur will be my 1st stop!Or just stop in and get take out....If you are in NYC and love BBQ make sure you go ASAP!!
A really worthwhile trip from Manhattan. Top notch food, outrageous portions, very friendly service. Myself and my family ordered the mixed platter compromising of a full rack of ribs, brisket, pulled pork, a whole chicken, three side dishes ( including sweet potato mash- a MUST) and a plate of shrimp. Left feeling satisfied and without an enormous hole in our pockets but instead a selection of their BBQ sauces! 
Well to start off I enjoyed the whole look and feel to the restaurant. When we walked in we were greeted and treated politely. We had about a half and hour wait time and although we were extremely hungry we decided to wait and give it a try. once my boyfriend and I were seated we were automatically welcomed by our waiter. He gave us his opinion on what foods were great, and good thing we listened because they sure we're great. Unfortunately I am bad with names so I can't give him a Shoutout. Me and my boyfriend ordered for appetizers the mild wings and nachos, both were amazing! Our main course was called the sweet heart meal which consists of a full rack of ribs with 4 sides. We ordered the bbq fried rice, the sweet potato mash, macaroni and cheese,and french fries. I must say that the mac and cheese does need some work on it, me and my boyfriend weren't too thrilled with it. But over all everything was amazing. Great service great atmosphere great location and best of all GREAT FOOD. I WOULD DEFINITELY GO BACK.
I have written quite a few reviews and I am not sure if I have ever given 5 stars. I'll admit that I thought Hill Country BB was my favorite BBQ place, but in my review of them I mentioned that the side dishes leave something to be desired. Dinosaur gets 6 stars because everything is simply delicious! My family took me for Mother's Day! There were 4 of us so we ordered the Family Platter, which includes a whole cut-up chicken, 1 lb of the best brisket you have ever had in your life, beef or pork ribs, 3 family sized sides and 6 delicious corn muffins for $67.95. Wow! I know you can't even believe it, but it's true. We were so greedy that we ordered 4 additional sides. We had potato salad, cole slaw, collard greens (delicious), mashed sweet potatoes (delicious) and 2 orders of fried rice. The best thing is that we all had food to take home. It was Mother's Day so I went home with intentions of going back out since it was a beautiful day. But, instead I took a nap and woke up to my delicious leftovers. If you haven't been to Dinosaur, do not pass GO! Because there is no better BBQ and definitely no better brisket anywhere. Hands down, the best! I hate lines and long waits, but now that the weather is good, go across the street to the waterfront and relax for the hour or more wait. Never thought I'd say this, but you will be happy you did! That's some good eatin!!!
We were holidaying from Australia and had seen this place in Harlem on the Man vs Food show on TV. My son who was turning 11 whilst we were away asked if we could go there for his birthday.Staying in Times Sq, we caught the subway to 125th street and it was a short walk from the station.Let me tell you, this place did not disappoint!As a family of 5, we ordered the combo meal to share with a full rack of ribs, a whole BBQ chicken and a pound of bbq pulled pork and 3 sides plus corn bread.There was more than enough food and it was hands down the best BBQ meal I have ever eaten (and I've eaten plenty too!).Totally awesome and a highlight of our holiday in NYC.
Great BBQ and great beer.All beers were locally brewed and the food is exceptional.Brilliant feel about the whole place.If you like ribs, go visit!!
I have wanted to go here for some time. Located at 125th street next to Fairway and somewhat difficult to park if you don't grab a street space. Otherwise shop at Fairway and park in their lot. I could not get a reservation but chose to go and wait. It was a wedding anniversary so it could have been a disaster. The hostesses were very nice and after a half hour gave us a table. There is also take-out if you have no patience or are on the way home up or down the west side highway. And yes this is owned by the people in Syracuse.The food is good and reasonably priced. We shared an appetizer sampler: deviled eggs (yum), fried green tomato (delicious) wings and peel your own shrimp. We had small sampler dinners which were the perfect size to taste and not pig out. We watch what we eat most of the time so I was glad to see catfish on the menu. The side choices were good and we had iceberg lettuce with the house dressing (French and blue cheese mix- yay) and great coleslaw. What I really like was the fact that the barbeque sauce is on the table so you can control your portion. The ribs were lean, the brisket slow cooked and the chicken cooked through so the barbeque sauce added perfection. The best corn bread/muffin and yes diet watchers I ate the whole thing. We shared sweet potato pie for dessert ( a little too much sugar) but still good. All the desserts sounded great and had I not been trying to exercise some self control, I would have had the macaroni and cheese. Good news, you can eat at the bar. Drinkers had many beer and drink choices that looked great. The service was excellent. Worth the wait- yes. Place to go for your anniversary? yes but bring the whole family so you can order platters and have fun. I love Harlem- its rebirth is great to see and the restaurants in this part of town are worth the visit. Oh and the best part is that I didn't gain a pound. Lucky me.
So every time I go back to NY I have hit this place up. The food is amazing, the drinks are great and the atmosphere is pure NY. Dinosaur BBQ (Dino's as my friends and I call it) is a great spot for friends and family. It has a bar area, but the restaurant is still very family friendly. Parents and kids would have a great time, as well as couples or groups looking for a place to hang out after work.The most important part? The food is amazing. You just have to have the wings when you visit this place. Their pulled pork is the right combimation of sweet and smokie. The brisket is so tender, and they also have their own bbq sauces which are a great compliment to any dish....oh and definitely get the sweet potato mash.If you're in the NYC area, Dino's is a must visit. Oh, and that Donkey Punch is pure perfection when looking for something to drink. Cheers!
The staff here is well trained and friendly. We felt welcomed the moment we arrived. We had the chilled peel and eat shrimp and soup for starters. The shrimp were cooked well and seasoned nicely. The soup flavorful and balanced. We shared a pick 3; ribs, brisket, and chicken. All of the meats were tasty and well prepared. They were all very good, but not the best ever. The atmosphere is comfortable and they seems to have daily bar and menu specials. 
I have decided to limit myself to two visits per year, because - let's face it - this isn't health food. Last night, my most recent visit we introduced a friend to the Dinosaur. Her response? I'm going back with you in six months - do not forget. Yes the place is noisy and crowded and you have to wait almost an hour for a table. This is because it is genuine good barbeque and that is something rarely found in these parts. If you're lucky enough to live near a 'Famous Dave's' that is maybe a 7 on the 1 to 10 scale. This place is a twelve. Prepare to get your hands greasy (and maybe your face) and enjoy some great American food, complete with a choice of more beers than I could count. Enjoy!
Best I have ever had and if I had a dollar for every pizza I've scoffed I could retire. A lot of pizza.Blink amd you might miss it. Five minutes south of Penn station and Madison Square Garden on 7th, it looks very ordinary, a typically midtown eatery. The thing that got me in the door was a sign that said it had been voted number one for pizza in New York on several occasions. As signs don't ever lie, I thought I'd give it a go.I lloved too that it semed to have a sensible, practical feel to it. You order at the counter and wait a few minutes. Almost thirty varieties of pizza, some veggie, from $4.50 to about €6 a slice or $35-45 per pizza.Sounds expensive? Nope on two counts, the quality and the size. For a full pizza think someting the size of a bicycle wheel and the slice is maybe 8-10 ins across at the widest. A slice of suprema and an iced-tea, €8.50. And then you go and sit in an unpretentious dining area: formica tables, wooden seats, lamps, mirrors, clean, spotless, casual.  Need a knife and fork? Nope, this is finger food. Lots of diners used their paper plate as a prop to get pizza to their mouth. Local knowledge at its best.And it was glorious. They use that special pizza flour, off-white, a little grainy. The home-made tomato sauce is sensational and the fillings were delicious. Best ever, bar none.They don't serve beer, but hey. And watch the guys kneading the flour, sorry, hula-hooping it into that bicycle wheel-sized base. Where art and science meet. It's not part of the show, but it's worth watching.I'd cross the Atlantic again tomorrow just to eat here one more time, it would be my death-row meal of choice. Bring the kids. They and your pocket will thank you.
Great authentic family run New York pizza. This place is great! Really tasty pizzas you can have by the slice or a whole pizza. There were three vegan options and veggie ones too. Nice and thin crispy base on the ones we had but there was thick as well if your prefer.
I love Chicago style pizza, I love the deep dish and crispy square slices of thin crust pizza we have in Chicago. I wasn't sure if I would love pizza in NYC, but I did love NY pizza suprema!They serve pizza by the slice, and have a lot of varieties. In addition they have vegan options! That's pretty cool. Also the staff was very helpful!Pizza we tried: Upside down- Awesome. Cheese- greatVeggie suprema- great, bonus it has no cheese
My husband and I have been in NYC for a week now and have managed to visit a few pizza joints. But none compare to Pizza Suprema. My husband had the buffalo chicken and upside pepperoni pizza. I had the veggie medley...and we both walked out with huge smiles! Everything about the pizza was perfect - the base, the crust, the sauce, the toppings and the price!! If you are staying in the Manhattab area I would highly recommend you visit this place- you won't be disappointed! 
I went there two days in a row! The pizza is awesome, and it`s near to Broadway or the Met so it's a great place to stop and chill eating pizza, I highly recommend the veggie and The Suprema.
Excellent pizzeria. We tried slices of their Veggie Medley and White Pizza. Wow great flavors and seasonings. Will definitely come again next time in NYC... well worth the visit
Our vegan pizza was delicious and topped with loads of veggies. At this counter service pizza joint you can order a whole pizza or just a slice. There is a variety to choose from. The pizza is heated after you place your order and ours was nice and hot. The workers were friendly and the food came out quickly. The seating area was kept clean.
Great. Family lunch. Very good pepperoni and veggie lovers pizza. Good spinach rolls. We will return again soon we hope. 
Great selection on offer all well presented! Mushroom, tomato mozzarella & basil, chicken parmigiana and pepperoni all excellent! Lots of veggie options available too, so all tastes catered for.
We had a good pizza at this place. They don't have any salads though so don't go if you like veggies! Staff is nice. I'd put it at par with most pizza places in NYC. 
Nice tasting pizzas. The veggie thick pizza is awesome. Upside down, Buffalo chicken and peperoni pizzas are gud too. 4 stars cos it was a little too greasy for my liking but tastes really good. At around 3-5$ a slice its worth it 
Pizza suprema produces a fantastic slice of pizza. They have a type of pizza to suit any taste or preference (even vegan!). I've had their buffalo mozz and basil as well as their vegan veggie medley. Both were superb. In fact, so superb that we went back! The slices are a bit pricey, but that's because of the premium ingrediants. You get what you pay for in terms of quality and a meal is still cheap by NYC standards.
My husband and I grew up in Astoria and Flushing back in the day. Headed into the city today to walk on the High Line. After getting out of Penn Station stopped here for what we thought would be an average pizza. OMG, we both ended up getting the veggie square and as we were eating it looked at eat other and said, "this is awesome"! Great crust, veggies, sauce and if we weren't watching our calories would have gotten seconds!! We will definitely be back on our next trip in from Long Island.
Was warmly welcomed by all the staff, had our order taken immediately and the tables were clean. They got our pizza out quickly and it was hot. I ordered the Veggie with the thick crust. It was light, airy and crispy. My husband had the traditional pepperoni slice. He liked the pizza although it wasn't as thick as a Jersey style crust. Great place and we will definitely go back.
I read the reviews and thought it would be a good place to take my teenage son to. When you enter the place, it is very small, the pizza is displayed on the right side and there were four staff making pizzas. There was only one other family eating here. The tables and chairs are very basic but the place is clean. You place your order at the counter and they give you your pizza slice on a cheap paper plate, also no free refills with your drinks, along the wall on the left in one corner, you have the usual plastic silverware and condiments. We had the veggie and the plain cheese, I did not think that they were anything special, infact the dough was tough and the topping was greasy. I would have preferred to eat at Pizza Hut. and the size of the slices we had were not huge as discribed. I think it is a little overpriced, $4.25 for a slice of veggie and $3.00 for a slice of plain cheese. If you go with a large family, be prepared to spend a lot of money.
Cannot recommend this place more. This may well be the best pizza I have ever had. I had the sausage, and chicken ranch melt. My partner had the buffalo chicken and a pepperoni pie slice. The quality and flavour of the ingredients really comes through. Staff were lovely and very patient with our indecisiveness looking at their selection. We had pizza 3 times in our trip to NYC including at one other famous establishment. And this was hands down the best we had whilst here
They proudly advertise inside that they are the best slice. They may be right. They are just pizza. Nothing else. They do it right. Specialty pies. A very well-run operation. Clean tables and an assembly line efficiency. The sauce is top quality. The buffalo chicken was awesome and not too spicy. It may be the best slice.
Sin duda el mejor sitio de pizzas de nueva York. Cuando entras parece un poco cutre pero antes de que pase el primer minuto te das cuenta de que estás en un sitio especial, de esos que recuerdas siempre. Y cuando le incas el diente a la pizza te das cuenta que lo que has comido hasta entonces no eran pizzas.ESPECTACULAR. 
This was our first stop upon arriving in NYC. There was zero wait and we found a table easily. Glad we stopped. Pizza was yummy and staff was great.
A short walk from our hotel and touted as the ' best slice ' in NY by several sources ( check out their website ) we decided to give this place a go to feed our 9 and 7 year old , who would live on pizza alone given half the chance . The que out pf the door was a good sign and the staff kept the lone moving quickly . The vast majority of customers were buying 1 or 2 slices which are served on paper plates with napkins and the either taking out or grabbing one of the seats inside . As we wanted to buy a whole pie the guy behind the counter told us to take a seat and someone would take our order from our seat . Even though it was busy we found a seat ok and a pleasant member if staff took our order of a whole pepperoni pie . It came out in around ten minutes and that's when we realised we had made a mistake . It was huge ! We have traveled to the states a lot in the past so used to American portions versus UK but this was bigger than what we expected and great value ( for midtown Manhattan) at around $35 . More importantly it was delicious and met the seal of approval from the kids and adults alike . We took what we could eat there and then ( half the pie ) away with us . Great pizza , no frills , good price and kids wanted to go back the next night ! Highly recommend 
How convenient to order by the slice and inside dining to boot. Line moves quickly. By the slice sausage generous on the meat. Garlic/white pizza a bit heavy on the garlic for me. Friendly staff. good choice for a reasonable lunch.
Unglaublich lecker! Preislich völlig in Ordnung und definitiv einen Besuch wert. Die Pizzen schmecken sehr frisch und der Boden ist perfekt. 10 von 10 Punkte!
Popped in for a quick slice. Classic pepperoni. Crust was thin and crispy yet still floppy. Sauce had a great fresh flavor. Just the right amount of cheese and pepperoni. Service was quick and friendly. Wide selection of toppings.Small dining area with booths to sit inside. There is a $10 minimum on credit card purchases.
Todas las pizzas muy ricas y recien hechas. Tiene también opciones veganas. Además la gente que trabaja allí es muy simpática con la gente.
Simplemente increíble, gran variedad de pizzas y todas buenísimas. El comedor no es muy grande pero si acogedor, típica pizeria neoyorquina. El precio es razonable para ser NY
Walking out of our way to reach NY Pizza Suprema, we were well-rewarded with a wide variety of by-the-slice options featuring high-quality and flavorful toppings atop a thin crust baked to perfection. We were disappointed that their soda machine was down so that we couldn’t enjoy ice cold Cokes with our slices, but we’ll cut them some slack on the hopes that this one is easily rectified. We’ll be back.
I love going to eat at this pizzeria. The pizza is always good. It’s always packed. This time, my daughter had a strange experience with her pizza. She is lactose intolerant so she orders vegan with pepperoni on top. This time the server started yelling at her and it was really upsetting.
Pizzeria idéalement placé (près de la gare) avec énormément de choix de pizzas à prix très abordable.Le lieu n'est pas très grand mais le turn over de clients se fait rapidement, les pizzas sont servis rapidement (et avec le sourire !) et surtout elles sont très bonnes !Ne pas se fier à la devanture qui fait un peu attrape touriste, ça vaut clairement le coup !
This is always our first stop when visiting NYC. Often we come straight from JFK with suitcases, to get our fix of the super tasty and can’t be heated meat lovers pizza. The juicy tomato tasty with the thin but crispy base smothered in meat. Just the best. Don’t waste your money going to any other pizza place, go here and you will never go anywhere else.
Fantástica, uma das melhores margueritas que já comi. Pedaços enormes, preço honesto. Lugar bonito e bem localizado. Voltaria facilmente. Fique com as pizzas básicas para ter as referências clássicas.
Don't be skeptical about its touristy location across the street from Madison Square Garden! This is some of the best pizza I have ever tasted! It's consistently rated amongst the top pizza joints across NYC by multiple other websites- for good reason.Go with family or a group of friends so that you can each order one or more of the myriad of different types of scrumptious pizza they serve by the slice and share. They even have several delicious Vegan versions.
These guys make a seriously good pizza!Sold in slices or by the pie, there are around 6 different vegan options (as well as many non-vegan) including margherita with the most divine tomato sauce on it and white pizza with two types of vegan cheese and garlic.It’s a fast casual style restaurant with some seating indoors.If you’re looking for pizza in midtown, vegan or not, you should try NY Pizza Suprema. They’re easy to find, just down from Penn Station.I would have given them 5 stars if there had been a few more smiles from the staff and a couple of vegan extras for the pizza such as vegan sausage slices. Highly recommend though!
Stepped out of Penn Station, coming off of Amtrak and switching to LIRR. This place is on the other side of Madison Square Garden, so not much of a detour. A line forms out the door but it moved quickly. Pizza by the slice in a myriad of pre-set toppings and styles. Be sure to make note of the menu sign outside because you will need to tell the person behind the counter when you make your way in. Slice goes back in the oven for a few minutes as you make your way to the cashier. Be ready to say your order quickly because, after all, this is New York so no one has time for you to make up your mind. If you are a purist ask for a "regular slice" - this is a thin crust with a delicate crunch, a tasty pomodoro with a medium layer of cheese - the way a New York slice is supposed to be. Also notable are the vegan options, it uses a nice vegan cheese substitute; being lactose intolerant it was nice to have these as standard options at the counter. I asked for the slice to stay in the oven a little longer because I like the crust extra crispy, and it did not disappoint. Seating is sparse but it does turn around quickly. Plenty of folks also order and pick up whole pies and take them out as well.
Great pizza at a great price. I got two pieces of the suprema which was $6 per slice. Most of the pizzas appeared to be around this price, there were a couple slightly more expensive. What I also liked about the price was that it already included tax, so you know exactly what it is going to cost you when you order. Pieces are big, very big. You won't need more than 1 or 2 depending on how hungry you are. There can be a line to get served, don't be put off by it. The line moves very quickly and you will get served pretty quick. Definitely the place to go for great value authentic New York style pizza. It is conveniently located on 8th Ave just across the road and a bit down from Madison Square Garden.
Loved the unpretentious authentic vibe of this place where you can watch the guys making pizza bases. We went around 9.30pm so had no trouble finding a seat. For anyone looking for tasty vegan pizza, this is the place with three different slices on offer. The best was the margarita with no cheese - the tomato sauce is heavenly and the pizza base perfect - thin but with a great crust. Go there!
This had great New York feel. Lots of slice options including VEGAN!!Pizza was very good. My only criticism is the tomatoes and sauce were slightly sweet. I prefer my tomatoes not sweetened.
We ordered the classic, hot honey and ricotta, and vegan. ALL were solid choices, even the vegan and it’s cheese (my daughter is entertaining becoming a Vegan). On a cold day the quick counter service and free seating area were much appreciated.
I didn't know if I would be able to find authentic, VEGAN New York pizza, but wow. We read a review that said Pizza Suprema had the best pizza in New York and I believe it! I tried two of their vegan slices and it was probably the best pizza I've ever had. The atmosphere is fun and the food is super affordable at about $6/slice. So basically, I LOVE YOU DON'T EVER CHANGE.
On our recent anniversary trip to NYC, we were elated to find this pizza spot near Madison Square Square Garden and Penn Station. Service was good, clean area to eat and the vegan options were good and extremely tasty (didn't taste like "fake" cheese). The Margaherita Pizza was also one of the best that I've tasted. Stop by. You won't regret it.
This was our first pizza in New York and it did not disappoint!! Huge slices which you need to roll to eat. Varied toppings, 3 vegan choice, pizza pies 👌🏻,tasty, 100# American pizza experience. We were even able to grab a table at the back. This place is extremely popular all day. We even went back on our last day to eat on the go. 
We just stopped here while waiting for a station from Penn Station opposite. They had loads of sodden types of pizzas including a vegan option.It was reasonably priced for its location and the food was good. 
Great pizza, fig, vegetarian and buffalo chicken were the best. No wait. Pizzas are huge and the price is great no beer though.
Every time I'm in NYC, I always make a pizza pilgrimage to Pizza Suprema. It's right next to Penn Station so easy to grab a slice on the way in or out of the City. The place is always busy but the line moves quickly. You can eat in (there are a handful of booths) or take away. There is a wide variety of pies available, but my favorite is the Sicilian. I'm vegetarian so I go with the cheese slice. It's amazing. The crust is perfect - crunchy on the outside and softer (but perfectly cooked) on the inside. The sauce is just right and the cheese ratio is too. Probably good I don't live here as I'd be there at least once a week.
Went right to the top of my best ever Pizza. The Vegetarian for part of our group and then add sausage for the other half. Outstanding! Staff was helpful guiding us through an extensive Pizza menu. Not a restaurant this is a Pizza Parlour, sit or takeout with slices available. On an extended weekend we went back again after our first visit.
In search of the quintessential New York slice, we found this gem on my last night in NYC late at night after a Broadway musical right by our hotel. So lucky no line ups! Even at 11:30pm the pizza still tasted fresh and hot and there were a lot of choices to choose from. Even as a vegetarian there were at least 4-5 choices. I chose the upside down pizza which had the cheese underneath the sauce. It was delicious! My sis had the margarita pizza and our friend had the pepperoni. No one was disappointed. My only disappointment was that I didn’t see the plain cheese pizza which would have been my first choice as several other reviewers highly recommended it. I would definitely join them in recommending this place!
We went based on TA reviews. It’s a pizzeria which has a variety of pizza slices. We got the sausage and vegetarian. Both were delicious. We will probably go back before we head out of NYC. Delicious. 
The pizzas here are by the slice and the slice are huge. The sauce and cheese quantity is done just right . The dough is crisp yet soft . The prices are little on the higher side but it's worth it. It is usually crowded during lunch and evening times as it is next to Penn station and Madison square garden. The staff and efficient but less friendly during these times. Sitting is adequate. There is an atm machine in store as the minimum for card is 10 dollars ,20 for delivery. There is a very good variety for vegetarians also. Seating is limited but the rotation is quick so that is not a problem. I went twice and tried 8 different slices and liked all of them. Would suggest starting with their classic and then trying what ever you fancy but make up your mind as the lines sometimes are pretty long
This is a long overdue review from last November and this February. This was one of the most highly recommended places for Pizza in NYC and turned out to be first on our itinerary. As I walked it, noticing the intensity of the kitchen staff and greeted aloud by an Italian American gentleman couldn't make it any more authentic. Telling him this was my first time here, through all the noise he was able to assist me with vegetarian options for pizza to which I eagerly obliged. I went for a white slice (mozzarella) and a classic slice of plain cheese (mixture of cheeses). He also recommended a thirst quenching fruit punch. As I sat down with my order as did my friend and brother we took pictures and absorbed the atmosphere. Taking my first bite my head literally exploded with excitement. It was though a nebula exploded in my frontal lobe and I had been lied to all my life as this is what your call PIZZA! Taking a sip of the fruit punch my taste buds danced in harmony across my mouth, it was as though I saw a new color. I could not explain it. Needless to say I got up for more and the rest is history. Pizza Suprema, I will be back in Oct!!! Needless to say, I am looking forward to it!
Went there after a game in the Maroon Square Garden, and the queue was quite long but it only took a couple of minutes before we got our pizzas, quick and good service. Tons of different pizzas, with much topping. They've also got many vegetarian options, and I really recommend the Margarita. 
After walking around NY on our last day, we wanted to get some good pizza near where we were. I'm sure there are many other highly rated pizza places, but this one was close to us and it did have very good ratings. The place is casual and the ambiance is that of what one would expect in a NY pizza joint. The staff was friendly but requires you to order you slice of pie quickly. All there pizzas are displayed in the front behind a big window, you pick it, they "warm" it up in a nice oven. Don't worry, it's not "re-heated" and as good as this stuff is, it doesn't sit out for no more than five minutes. So, we got our thin slice (they have thick too) Supreme, pepperoni, vegetarian, sausage and meat lovers pizzas and sat down. Aside from the best pizza in the world that we experienced in Napoli Italy, this stuff was awesome!!!! They use like four different kinds of tomato sauce on their pizza and you will not be disappointed. It's also priced pretty good. I give this place four out of five "badda bings" for a great pizza dining experience.
I found out about this place from a 'zine called Slice Harvester. It's the only by-the-slice place in Manhattan (franchises were not reviewed) which rated 8 out of 8. So, while in New York, and since we were staying 2 blocks north of there, I trekked over as soon as the suitcases were unpacked.Suprema did not disappoint. I bought a cheese slice and ate it on the steps of the post office (about 200 feet due north). The sauce is tangy and fresh, and there's enough of it. The cheese is stringy, flavorful, and there isn't too much of it. The crust is thin, crisp, with just the right amount of salt.I later tried the peperoni: bought a whole pie, to share, and it hit all the marks.There are lot's of other varieties, and you can't try them all in the span of a long weekend. I figure if you nail the basics this solidly, you're golden.Suprema is a must if you happen to be anywhere near Madison Square Garden and you aren't ovo/lacto/gluten sensitive.
Dropped in for a lunch slice of pizza after spending the morning browsing at Macy's. What a place, great choice of toppings, good size slices and friendly staff. Plenty of seating and very clean. Gets really busy with take outs too as its such good quality and value.
It was unforgettable and staffs were so friendly superior was the best taste it was clean and quick I love it
I grew up in The Bronx but moved away many years ago. A friend of mine who worked in Manhattan always told me about this place having the best pizza in New York and the world. I recently was visiting NY and made it a point to go to Pizza Suprema. It is across the intersection from Madison Square Garden. Man it is good. First of all when you enter there are maybe 25 or so pizzas on display. You order however many slices of whichever one you want. I can eat a lot and I wanted a slice of each but 2 slices filled me up. The slices are big. This is not a fancy place but it is clean, comfortable and family owned and run (for like almost 50 years).My only complaint is that typical of many small mom and pop pizza places they did not have beer on the menu. OK so I sacrificed and had a coke with my pizza.
Large selection of pre cooked pies so getting a slice with what you want was fast and easy. They do a great job of heating up the slices and the crust is thin, crispy, tender and light. Definitely worth stopping in for but this is no $1-2 slice, expect to pay around $5 a slice. Clean seating area, no beer or wine available, only soda and bottled water.You won’t be disappointed stopping here.
Want better authentic New York pizza, good service, and a clean place to eat? Go somewhere else. NY pizza is very subjective... 
I'm visiting NYC for a few days and wanted to try a slice of really good NYC pizza in mid-Manhattan. I googled "Best Slices of Pizza in Manhattan" and Pizza Suprema popped up. Despite its popularity, the restaurant was not over-crowded. The selection of pizzas was enormous. They all looked so good, it was hard to decide. I chose the pizza suprema, with sausage, pepperoni, onions, bell pepper - and fresh basil. It was delicious and perfectly baked, with the crust just the right amount of crustiness! The extra touch of basil made this one of the best slices of pizza I have ever enjoyed. There is plenty of seating space here, and the photo of Anthony Bourdain on the wall provides added ambiance as well as another positive "review". The bathroom was clean. I highly recommend this place - for convenience, just a few steps away from Macy's -, flavor and ambience.
Excellently delicious pizza, clean and well presented eatery. Friendly staff and reasonably priced. Thoroughly enjoyed our NY pizza experience and highly recommend.
This placed was recommended to us by a hop-on, hop-off bus guide because we told him we were heading to Madison Square Garden to see the Rangers. Saw the restaurant from the Garden and decided to give it a try after the game. Second pizza sampling of the day and it wins hands down! Not a fancy restaurant, but clean, excellent staff and the best NY pizza we've eaten on this trip. Being from Chicago we learned quickly not to compare styles. They are very different but equally important culinary experiences! We definitely pass on the recommendation we received!!
My two daughters and I came here after seeing Hamilton. I had read it had great pizza and it was fairly close to our hotel. The line was a little long, but moved quickly. My daughters found us a clean table to sit at while I ordered. We each had a slice of pepperoni and a slice of cheese. Pepperoni was good, cheese was excellent. The slices were huge and filling. We didn’t eat it all, but we sure gave it a try! A little pricey, but I expected that from reviews I had read as well as the location. It was worth it, and we all wished we had had time to eat here again. Hopefully we’ll visit again on the next trip.
I am a pizza lover and I must say this pizza is delicious! Freshly made and a clean place to eat, I'm loving this spot!
Great slices. Loved the thin mushroom. The thick spicy Sicilian sausage was good, but not as good as the thin crust. Very efficient service in a clean and comfortable spot.
Nice place different but good taste.had fun with family and friends serving was good staff is little weird but overall that was fun here place is nice and clean 
Very nice pizza and a really good choice. Everything looked tasty. Super convenient if you are visiting Madison Square Garden
Spent 4 nights in nyc and after the pub we came here for pizza every night having a different pizza every night.I miss this place.great service and quick with lots of staff..a must visit if your in nyc 8th and 31st street across the road from madison square gardens and 3 blocks from the New Yorker hotel. Fantastic takeaway or dine in.
Fui a esta pizzería por recomendación de Anthony Bourdain y me encantó la pizza de este sitio, de hecho, podría decir que es la mejor pizza que he comido para mi gusto. Lugar sin pretensiones pero con un producto exquisito.
Loved the pizza here! We tried the bbq, pepperoni & fig! The fig was definitely my favorite! This was our first taste of true NY style pizza & we were not disappointed!
I never thought I would ever be a fan of crust, but this crust was great - thin, firm, crispy and fresh. It makes the topping that much better - stop in if you are in the area.
I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. Seating is very limited huge selection of pizza by the slice or as a whole we paid about $7.50 per slice —the meat lovers was the best I’ve ever eaten. if you are in New York and want to try the best pizza this is the place it is just down from Madison Square Garden and Penn station. We went back several times during the four day stay in New York.
Esperienza da provare anche per Italiani, vera pizza NY Style di notevole qualità e gusto. Il padrone di casa Giuseppe gentilissimo dopo aver visto che avevamo ordinato una pizza grande solo di un gusto si è offerto di farci provare tutti i tipi di pizza fatti dal locale, tutti buonissimi e alcuni sorprendenti come quella ai Fico. Insomma mangiato tantissimo e benissimo. Tutto lo staff è molto gentile anche se super impegnato.
Great NY pizza!! but be ready for the New York rush! Best recommendation is research their menu before entering the shop.
Excellent choice of pizza slices . Slices are enormous & piping hot .Always busy any time of day or night you visit.We returned a couple of times over our weeks visit to sample different slices each one as good as the next .
They make the best pizza I have ever tasted! 😍🤩🍕 Fast service and friendly stuff. Don't miss it if you go to New York City. Not the cheapest but the best in the city.
We were visiting for the day and decided to try this place out. It was a great little place and the pizza was NY perfection! The staff are very friendly and it’s in a great midtown location. We are from Cleveland where you just can’t get NY style pizza and this hit the spot! Will definitely visit again!
Sarà anche buona, ma mai come quella fatta in italia... Aldilà di questo la pizza è buona sicuro. Ma per una fetta di pizza si parte da 5 dollari in su per la più economica... Con 5 euro (visto il cambio) si prende una margherita intera in italia... ANche no
Stop in for the Abeetz every time we visit; sometimes just visit to eat here. Exceptional service (Thank you Genesis).
Very poplar. Crazy busy place. Just outsideMadison Square Gardens. Be ready to orderwhen you get to the front. Pizza only!Something for everyone and it was goodPizza Pizza!
Cheguei cedo a um jogo no Madison Square Garden e descobri essa pizzaria, aparentemente simples, mas depois que entrei vi os prêmios de melhor pizza de NYEscolhe-se qual a pizza numa fila, que vai até a rua, e eles esquentam na hora. Sabor delicioso, ingredientes fresco, massa fina perfeitaSó ias atendentes que não tem muita paciência
I was looking for a decent pizza place as there are so many in New York and this had many good reviews, so chose this place.I also liked that this was family owned, so it's nice to support local businesses and family.There were so many options you could choose from and the slices are big (compared to the UK, one slice here is about two slices in the UK). You queue up and pick if your type of pizza on offer, whether by slices, half a pizza or full pizza. You then choose if you want a drink when paying up, they take cash, contactless and card. You then wait for your pizzas to be reheated, but you can ask for them to remain cold.Despite having the queue, it went quite quickly. Ordering and paying was easy enough. Staff were nice and efficient!I got two Meat pizza slices and a large coke cola for $15, which was enough to fill me up!We sat inside, quite a good amount of space and lovely atmosphere. So worth visiting here for a reasonably priced pizza dinner!
In all honesty it used to be good. Not anymore. I live a few blocks away and this was our go to Pizza Shop. It changed, and the pizza became inedible. Dry, burnt and greasy. Uncaring staff here. NY Pizza is not what it was. Shameful !We get ours in NJ now. My go to NY pizza is a frozen pizza. Sad but true.
Tal cual, la mejor pizza que hemos probado en Nueva York, y fueron unos cuantos sitios de los más valorados, pero en relación calidad-precio, y ubicación, es sencillamente espectacular.
We ate at Pizza Supreme twice, the first time it was pretty quiet and was really good experience and the pizza was particularly nice. It was nice to have some seating inside if you as many pizza places don’t have this.However we visited again two days later it was much busier and what a difference. The woman on the till was rude to a number of customers including myself. The pizza on the second visit wasn’t as nice either, the base on my pizza was very hard and verging on being burnt and my husbands was very oily this time; both pizza we had tried on our first visit so felt very let down.Maybe give it a go if it’s quieter but standards really seemed to drop when it was busy.
Dropped in for a lunch slice of pizza after spending the morning browsing at Macy's. What a place, great choice of toppings, good size slices and friendly staff. Plenty of seating and very clean. Gets really busy with take outs too as its such good quality and value.
It was unforgettable and staffs were so friendly superior was the best taste it was clean and quick I love it
Sono italiano , dopo 30 anni di pizze sparse per Italia … ammetto che la migliore piZa mai assaggiata è stata qui. A new York . Eccellente
We wanted a simple slice of pizza. You have to if in NY, right? We read the reviews so decided to head here. It did not let us down. This place serves up the best slice in Manhattan - delicious!
Stopped in for a quick bite and returned for more the next day! We tried lots of varieties: white, pastor, fig, suprema, Hawaiian. In all the specialty pies, the marinara sauce is flavorful and the crust is perfectly cooked. All were great, but nothing topped the basic margarita. The margaritas and other simple pies are likely to get you a fresher slice, too. I wish I could have a slice every day!
This pizza is a must try. Our first visit was so good we returned for a second even though we were only in town a couple days! The place was packed both times, but they run an efficient operation so wait times were reasonable and we found seating easily also. Super delicious!
Grabbed a Hawaiian slice and a chicken bacon ranch l. Hit sea breeze fish store nearby and got stuffed salmon, stuffed sole and more.
Overpriced indeed, but here you can have some quite tasty pizza.I had one slice of mushroom and one of fig
Por eso mis respetos , pero la pizza no es gran cosa , tiene ingredientes frescos y nada mas.. el salon comedor sencillo y la atencion es mala.. no venden cerveza y no encontre mucha limpieza.. solo para comer al paso esta bien.
This place is a nyc landmark, family owned and operated since the 1960s. The pizza is simply the BEST in Manhattan and the best I have ever had! Eating Suprema pizza you immediately taste the high quality imported ingredients used in every slice. authentic taste of Italy 🇮🇹 for sure 👌🏼
7:00 Friday night, place was hopping. You walk in and immediately have multiple single slice options. We had pastor, Marguerite, sausage, pepperoni. Slices were cooked fast, service was fast and energized. Crust was thin and cooked perfect. The thick crust was awesome, crusty but not too chewy. 
Without a doubt one of the best slices in the city .It’s my go to place every time I go to NYC. They always have a large variety to choose from as well
Die beste Pizza, die ich jemals gegessen habe.Knuspriger, dünner Boden (es gab aber auch amerikanisch dickeren), leckerer Belag, alles mega frisch! Einfach auch, weil es da immer voll ist. Waren heute vorm Rückflug nochmal dort, weil es uns so gut geschmeckt hat.2-3 Stücke, je nachdem wie viel Hunger man hat, reichen.Auf jeden Fall empfehlenswert!!!!!
This was the second famous pizza place we tried in New York... Definitely better than the other one. The crust was chewy, the base was crisp and the flavours were great. The pizza was so good we went back for seconds. Would definitely come back again. 
So good and true to NY Pizza that in the thee days we were in the city we went there twice. A ton of selections if you just want a slice, including some that you've probably never seen. The crust was perfect and the red sauce had a great flavor. It quickly became the Pizza place that I would send anyone to if they wanted a true NY Pizza.
Friendly service. Fast food. Too many options to try! Excellent NY style pizza! The cheese is good but the fig and spinach are where it is at!
Really enjoyed the pizza here! Would definitely love to come again to try more next time. Give it a try :)
Nothing like a NYC Slice! And this is one of the best! Right across fro Penn Station, it was the first place we went when we arrived in NYC. Get the plain cheese or the Margharita.
Wow… what a selection of wonderful pizzas.You name it… it will be there!!Large portions of delicious freshly baked pizza.I counted over 25 variations!!!!This place is a true gem.Must stop and enjoy some of the super delicious food.
Stopped into get a bite. Really great. It’s a busy place with many different slices to choose. The crust is perfect. We liked it so much that we took home 2 pies.
NY Supreme slice, gold medal and margerita all solid. Liked them all differently. Very thin crust. 8th Ave since 1964.
We needed some food before evening NBA game. I couldn’t be more happy about the place what we find and where we eat. Our dinner included 4 different shared slides and each one of those were great. I can’t help you and say what to pick from ”desk” because it was full of winners. Worth of visiting and easy to recommend.
Sure there are pizza joints all over the city. This one is one of the GREAT ones! Simple to order, simple to pay, simple seating. A+ pizza in NYC!
We appreciated that there were a lot of types of toppings to choose from. Each we tried was delicious.The price is more than an average slice place, but the quality seemed justified.The dining room area is super casual and enough space to eat while sitting with large luggage (if you're on your way to/from nearby Penn Station).
Cualquier expectativa que tenga sobre el sabor, calidad y textura de esta pizza quedara baja cuando la coma. Exquisita en todo sentido
Not the fanciest pizza, nor the most Italian pizza I have ever eaten. But it costs $4 for a very big slice of the Cheese Pizza (their basic and award-winning one). In comparison to Australia, this would be about 1-3 to half a large pizza. We also tried the $7 slice of the Fig pizza (I preferred the Cheese pizza, they preferred the Fig (so go fig-ure). The crust is not too thick or thin and the topics are well-distributed and neither over or undergenerous. They apparently offer free delivery, though we ate there. The stalls are simple and basic with large plastic shields for COVID control. The pizzas are not wood-fired. The slices do get reheated sometimes (instead of being freshly baked). But the value is good and the taste is pretty good. It came highly rated from a friend, who was a local, so I supposed this is a good slice of NYC-style pizza.
Yep, go and visit this pizza eatery, while on holidays in NYC I visited this eatery twice and was not disappointed. You can tell it’s a great place by the amount of people waiting to be served especially when they are the locals. We were pleased we waited and the pizza was spectacular, true American pizza. Go and experience a slice of NYC pizza for yourself
Amazing pizza. Very fresh and truly a NYC local pizza. Their selection is really good and their service is very fast 
I was recommended to go to this place by a local and thank god I took up the recommendation. This is the best pizza I’ve ever eaten!!
This was recommended by a local and she wasn't wrong when she said it would be the best we'd ever have. The base was perfect with lots of toppings. Highly recommend this place.
The Sicilian was EPIC. Amazing pizza, and great venue. As a first intro to NYC, I felt like a local.
We were "directed" to NY Pizza Suprema at the advice of Corey of Food on Foot Tours (see separate review). This hole in the wall establishment is legit. At the recommendation of Corey, we tried the thin crust cheese. It was amazing! The sauce is really good and the crust was perfectly crisp. We visited for lunch on our second day in NYC. We went back 3 days later for our final lunch in NYC. My mom had been given a fresh red rose earlier in the day and were were joking around on who she should give it to (ie, the Bachelor style "will you accept this rose" ceremony). Prior to the joke, we had decided to take a subway from Lincoln Center back over to NY Pizza Suprema for lunch because that is how good the pizza is.When we got there, my mom gave the rose to a handsome gentleman at the pizza place. He happened to be the owner, Joe. It was so great! Joe was amazing with his reception of her rose and his hospitality. He recommended a pizza pie with only cheese. We ordered 1/2 cheese and half pepperoni. The pizza was 8 huge slices, fresh and hot. It was so amazing. Beyond the taste, Joe and his staff are top notch with their service and friendliness. Joe was being recognized for a local award today and we couldn't be happier for him and his long established family business. Joe made our last day in NYC amazing. Don't miss going here as you will not regret it.
went there following some Newyorker friends recommendations.Cool place to eat. We were 2 people and ordered a full pizza. Could not finish it.Pizzas are big, crusty and tasty. Many choices/possibilities. We paid 40$ for a full pizza. 3pax can easily eat with that.Staff were friendly and helpful.Location: very convenient, next to Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. Local has several tables, there was no problem to find a place and eat over there.Great place if you want to taste a great Manhattan pizza
My husband and I both loved it! A local told us it was true NY Pizza and he was right. I had the burrata pizza and my husband had the fra divalo. Both were amazing! It's also right across from Madison Square Garden.
Tried the meatball pizza for the first time and this may be my new favorite. Perfect amount of sauce and meat with perfect crust just like I like it
I've eaten here almost every trip, yet I haven't reviewed this place before now? I don't think there is a more convenient location to grab a slice or two of delicious pizza - it's located right across the southwest corner of Penn Station. Fast service and long hours. If there is a line, it moves quickly. The pizzas are on display, so you have every opportunity to nail down what you want before you are "NEXT!". Expect a mix of luggage-toting visitors either fresh off the train or ready to board one (like me), people seeking cheap sustenance before entering Madison Square Garden for a show, and locals.
We are in New York City for a 10-yr old trip of choice, with 2 grandsons. It's a burger & pizza kinda' trip. It's true that they are lined up out the door here, though when I asked I discovered much of that is to buy a slice (which is about a quarter of a huge pizza!) and head on out the door. Because we wanted a table for the boys they let us skip the line. It's very traditional NY style, meaning it's a thin-crust and the sauce is a thin layer, too. Depends on how you like your pizza, but for us it's -- when in Rome, you know. We thought it was delish, and we even had to copy the local style of consuming, which is that you fold this huge piece in half to eat it with one hand! It was fun and fast (they have a whole line of pizza's that are already out of the oven, and you can just pick a slice of this or that, whatever catches your fancy). Give it a whirl, we were glad we did. PS: If you're a fan of deep dish Chicago style then you should -- either go to Chicago or go for a burger instead!
We ordered a large pizza to be delivered to our hotel. We were told it would be 30-40 minutes until it was delivered. After an hour I called the shop, and I was told it was out for delivery and it would be 10-15 more minutes. I called again 20 minutes later, and they told me it hadn't been cooked yet. I called the shop for a third time and was told they cooked a fresh pizza, and it was out for delivery, and it would be 10-15 minutes. When I finally received my pizza, over two hours after I had placed my order, the pizza was cold, and the large pizza was stuffed inside a smaller box and one corner was folded over. The pizza was cold and almost inedible.
This is vintage New York Pizza with the thin crust and fresh ingredients. I had the signature suprema slice and it was excellent.It’s a hole in the wall, not much seating, and not real comfortable for a long visit. Price is $5-7 a slice.
My partner is certainly picky when it comes to pizza. This pizzeria is hands down THE BEST pizza we have tasted in NYC! Everything from the fresh tomato sauce to the airy and perfectly crisped crust was outstanding. A must try when you’re craving pizza and in the city. Conveniently located across from Madison Square Garden. Certainly won’t be paying for food inside the stadium when we’ve got this gem right across the street. Will be back!
Late tea on the first night of our trip and we were not disappointed. Lots of options, fresh pizza and it tastes great. Staff clearly take pride in their work. Well worth a visit.
We sought out NY Pizza Suprema solely based on the reviews and to be honest we weren't disappointed. We eat so much pizza when we are in New York that we try not to eat a lot in one place because we may get a few blocks down the street an want to try another place. In this case we liked it so much that we had to go back up and get another slice! I would definitely go back if I was near MSG. We talked to people who come them whenever they are visiting MSG. The place was very busy and the pizza was very fresh.
Great for a quick stopover and so close to MSG. World recommend the fig and goats cheese slice, fresh and delicious.
Tried finding the best NY style and found it here. Best pizza we had and they offered a ton of traditional, Sicilian and upside down pizza. Quick and efficient service. Piping hot and fresh ingredients. Get a slice already!
A lot of NY Pizza spots have become touristy and as a result their quality goes down while prices go way up. Pizza Suprema I can say still remains delicious, it's always fresh, and won't cost you too much. Their regular slices and their specialty slices are just as good! If you are visiting and are in the area definitely give them a try.
This is probably the best slice pizza in Mid-town, if not all of Manhattan. I would also say top 10 in all of New York City as well based on my experience. The pizza is a quentenssial represenation of old New York style pizza that I grew up with.The sauce is fantastic. The cheese is high quality,fresh and stringy. The crust has perfect chewy and crisp texture. Basically, a near flawless New York style slice. The wait can be long and 4 bucks a slice is a bit steep, but it's well worth it.The offer numerous different types of slices as well as thick crust Sicilian pizza.Atmosphere brings you back to days gone by with old-school tunes playing and 70's style decor. This is a must visit location.
We ordered a pizza for delivery (through slice) to our hotel a couple of blocks awayWe’d seen this place ahead of coming and decided it would be our first mealIt was good but we were underwhelmed given the comments of everyone previously One big plus is the crust as people have mentioned!We will be giving the place another visit but in person later in the week, hopefully it’s better to visit rather than delivery
I wanted a real New York pizza slice and heard this was a good spot. Boy was it. The crust had a wonderful crispness to it that was unmatched. The pizza flavor was great. My only complaint is I felt it cost more than it should. But it tasted great, so I didn’t care.
The pizza is large and excellent! I would highly recommend stopping by. Have a vaccination card to dine in. I love that!!
this restaurant is right next to the bus terminal where I was waiting for the flixbus. because the flixbus ride reached 8 hours, I finally decided to buy pizza for lunch on the trip. The pizza is delicious and at an affordable price. the place to eat is quite narrow but the queue is quite large so sometimes visitors have to queue until they leave the restaurant. The pizza variants are too many, so I'm confused which one to choose, but my advice is to choose the one with a small number of pieces because that's definitely what a lot of people like
My partner is certainly picky when it comes to pizza. This pizzeria is hands down THE BEST pizza we have tasted in NYC! Everything from the fresh tomato sauce to the airy and perfectly crisped crust was outstanding. A must try when you’re craving pizza and in the city. Conveniently located across from Madison Square Garden. Certainly won’t be paying for food inside the stadium when we’ve got this gem right across the street. Will be back!
La pizza es muy buena y con mucha variedad. La venden por porción que vale de 5 a 6 usd. Venden mucho y los empleados te apuran y con poca amabilidad. El lugar para comer es correcto, la limpieza buena.
I visited this pizzeria for the second time as my husband and I had loved the pizza slices the first time. It’s equally good even now. Service is fast and I was able to get a booth to myself to eat my lunch. I would ask the server to heat the slices more the next time.
Stopped in here for a few slices to take back to the hotel for dinner. Variety of options to choose from, quick service, pizza stated hot for the walk back to the room. No complaints.
Amazing pizza place, fast service, great value and the buffalo chicken pizza was wow . High recommend
Great Pizza, Great Location, Great Staff! As a first timer I am very well pleased with this pizza spot.The line was outside when I arrived but it moved very quickly. A variety of pizzas were displayed for your viewing pleasure. You can dine in get it boxed up to do. You can also dine-in. I enjoyed it. Close to Madison Square Garden and Penn Station.
This is vintage New York Pizza with the thin crust and fresh ingredients. I had the signature suprema slice and it was excellent.It’s a hole in the wall, not much seating, and not real comfortable for a long visit. Price is $5-7 a slice.
Realmente una pizza excelente, tienen una variedad decente de pizzas , el sabor riquísimo, los empleados rápidos y atentos, lo único que podría señalar es al sr que se para en el caunter como un policía ... podría se un poco más discreto si es el dueño o supervisor, por que alguien parado mirando a los trabajadores sin una sonrisa da mal rollo 
I had 2 slices of pepperoni pizza and the flavor was immaculate, with good value at $5 a slice. I can't wait to go back on my next trip to NYC
Ok, yes I am from California. So what do "I" know about pizza. Let's just say I don't even like pizza. I never crave pizza; I don't have a favorite pizza place in CA; I dread going to children's parties or group events, because they usually serve pizza. But wait...don't stop reading my review because you're thinking what would "she" know about good pizza. On our trip to NYC, my adult kids refused to leave until we had real New York pizza. They researched online and suggested NY Pizza Suprema. I am a team player and went along for the ride. I ordered the meat lovers slice and they each had cheese. All I can say is, it was mind blowing. I enjoyed every bite from slightly crisp bottom of the thin crust to the tasty Italian sausage, meatballs and pepperoni on top! the sauce was slightly sweet (just enough to counter the bitterness of the tomatoes) and perfectly distributed. After we all devoured every bite, we ordered a whole pie to go and ate it on the bed in our hotel room! With all the walking we are doing...we didn't even hesitate to indulge. So take it from this non-pizza eating Californian. There is nothing like NY Pizza Suprema. It's the ONLY pizza I will eat. If you only have time to try one pizza place in NYC - this is the one!
BEST PIZZA IN NYC!! it was the only place worth visiting more than once! Tons of places to sit and definitely better pizza!
The pizza I had here is the best pizza I’ve ever had. If that NYC pizza is what you are after - crispy base, insane umami flavour off the chart- this is it. For Italian pizza go to Italy. For NYC pizza go here. Srs
Leí en un artículo en Internet que era de los lugares de NYC con excelentes pizzas así que decidí ir a probarlo y en verdad son muy ricas, precios accesibles, personal amable y como consejo personal prueben la clásica margarita y una que no hayan probado antes, tienen opciones muy originales.
Late tea on the first night of our trip and we were not disappointed. Lots of options, fresh pizza and it tastes great. Staff clearly take pride in their work. Well worth a visit.
One of the best pizza places in NY City. We go here every time we visit. Perfect crust, perfect sauce and great toppings. Super fast service as well. You better know what you're ordering so folks don't get annoyed at you for taking too long!
Konečně dobrá, kvalitní pizzerie. Ty jejich pizzy ....wow jsou tak strašně dobré a vybere si každý, mají i vegetariánské a veganské i americké s vyšším těstem. 
We sought out NY Pizza Suprema solely based on the reviews and to be honest we weren't disappointed. We eat so much pizza when we are in New York that we try not to eat a lot in one place because we may get a few blocks down the street an want to try another place. In this case we liked it so much that we had to go back up and get another slice! I would definitely go back if I was near MSG. We talked to people who come them whenever they are visiting MSG. The place was very busy and the pizza was very fresh.
Great for a quick stopover and so close to MSG. World recommend the fig and goats cheese slice, fresh and delicious.
Amazing pizza. So good we ordered twice in the 4 days we were in NYC. The best pizza I have ever eaten. We had this delivered to our hotel. Plain cheese (like Kevin in Home Alone) sooo good.
Sono stata in questa pizzeria durante la mia vacanza a new york e da italiana scettica quale sono, devo dire che sono rimasta davvero molto stupita. Se volete assaggiare la classica NY pizza con ingredienti italiani e di qualità è il posto giusto dove andare. Locale informale, personale e proprietario davvero simpatici. Consigliatissimo! 
Eccellente😍Se avete voglia di una buonissima pizza americana 'Pizza Suprema' è quello che cercate.Ottima pizza.Ottimo personale.Titolare davvero gentile😍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Being Italian, I was sceptical about eating pizza abroad, but I was so wrong! This is very likely the best pizza you could ever eat in the city! The staff is very kind and always willing to help, the ingredients are top notch. Definitely recommended!!
Se volete gustarvi la vera ny pizza siete nek posto giusto! La più buona di tutta Manhattan! Con vastissima scelta in versione vegana, un paradiso. Titolare e dipendenti simpaticissimi e gentilissimi. Ci ritornerò!
Pizza was true New York style and delicious. Great atmosphere from a family owned restaurant. Be ready to order as you step through the door and prices are super low for NYC. 
It’s clearly a NY institution and the pizza is great. Oh but stressful if you’ve not been there before and they don’t have patience. But that pizza is delicious!
Tried finding the best NY style and found it here. Best pizza we had and they offered a ton of traditional, Sicilian and upside down pizza. Quick and efficient service. Piping hot and fresh ingredients. Get a slice already!
Adresse off touristes et les pizzas sont simplement delicieuses. Un vrai coup de coeur pour cette pizzeria typiquement New yorkaise.
bit costlier pizza prices I guess but looks like an iconic outlet.. ambiance is nice and cozy.. I tried the meat lovers pizza and a pepperoni pizza and loved the taste of both.. worth a visit and the outlet was buzzing with people even when the temp outside was freezing cold.
Muy buenas pizzas realmente sabores muy logrados lugar muy concurrido a la salida del MSG.Lo bueno es que atienden rápido y además suele haber lugar para sentarse cómodo. Lugar para ir varias veces y probar todas las variedades. A mí personalmente todas me encantaron
Delicious authentic pizza in a traditional Italian pizza restaurant with friendly staff and fab pizza 🍕 
Spectacular pizza slices!!! Was recommended to go here and passing on would high recommend a visit! We went a couple of times and loved it!!
Pizza was reasonably priced at $5 per generously sized slice of plain. Old school pizza joint. There is definitely better pizza elsewhere. 
You’ll get the best pizza here for your price, we ordered the Hawaiin with baked chicken speciality and it came out really good and tasty. The price is much cheaper than other places and worth the price. There is a slide too cheesy feeling but for that price it’s the best in here.
Porcione de pizza generosas y a buen precio para el sitio en el que está, justo a la salida del Madison Square Garden.
Great place for exceptional quality Pizza. Probably 15 - 20 options by the slice or by the pie, we had the Fig, Pepperoni and Margarita - all were exceptional, crust is very very tasty. We wanted the NYC pizza experience and NY Pizza Suprema nailed it. Lots of photos of famous folks eating in there including Rachel Ray, Curtis Stone, Anthony Bourdaine.
What a fantastic little place just on 8th Avenue, lots to choose from and so tasty! Authentic and great value, we were really impressed.
La descripción para este lugar, es que después de un súper shopping y necesidad de agarrar el metro... es el lugar PERFECTO para hacer un break y comer uno o dos deliciosos trozos de pizza!!!Precio justó, calidad perfecta!
打開Tripadvisor看到附近第一名就決定過來用餐，一開始11點多到店裡沒什麼人，覺得很納悶，等到我吃完就開始有人排隊了！點了Suprema跟Meat lover，Suprema很好吃，各種味道相當均衡，起司濃郁。Meat lover有各種不同的肉類，也相當好吃！有機會會再回訪！難怪可以在這裡開這麼久！
The pizza was reheated and hard/burned. I had the buffalo chicken pizza, had little flavor. Other's pizza looked fine, tried a taste of pepperoni, that was good.
We had this delivered to our hotel. We got a white pizza and a margarita pizza. Both were to die for. We even have leftovers for when we get home.
They had about 20 different pizzas to get a slice from. We got fra diavolo, margherita, and white with ricotta slices. They were perfect in all the right ways. Counter service was excellent and the guy in the dining room was full service if you want to get waited on. This is a great pizza shop even for NYC.
Great service! Very fast.... Lol.... Queue moved along really quickly. My first NY pizza experience and it was delicious... Had the spinach pizza and the cheese was dripping. We also had the buffalo pizza (Advise- this was hot - like spicy hot!) Great NY Food experience. Grazie
When I think of what a NY pizza would taste like this place nails it. Order a slice from a pre-made selection and wait 5 mins for it to be tossed into the oven. Comes out hot and crispy (stays in the oven until the underside crust is crispy) and delicious thanks to the pizza sauce - rich and tangy. There are 20 pies to choose from and even good veg options. The pepperoni and the Sicilian were the favorites! You might be able to order a custom pizza to go if you call ahead because they do delivery and takeout. Almost across the street from Madison square gardens. About 20 tables inside but would rotate quickly. No lunch rush between 11:30-12pm. 
Pizza muy buena y a buen precio. Hay diferentes opciones todas en porciones que calientan al momento y están riquísimas. Puedes pedir agua gratis con hielo. Hablan español algunos de ellos. Para repetir. 
une honte tellement c'est écoeurant!!! 4 cm d'épaisseur une tonne de sauce tomate acide et le fromage du chew gum!!! soi disant meilleur pizza de NYC!!! mdr
Wow! Our hotel recommend this nicer several much closer and - WINNER! Sooooo goodWe had it delivered to hotel NOTE - they add tip to your bill if you do that 
Close to the Empire State Building this place had really good pizza and crust just the way I like it. Definitely a must go if you love pizza.
Var här för att äta pizza slice innan vi gick till hotellet. Hade läst om stället att de hade goda pizzor. Smaken på pizzan när jag börja äta var det inget fel på men plötsligt när jag tog en tugga kändes det konstigt och när jag tog ut det var det en bit plast. Påpeka detta för en kvinnlig anställd men surt sa hon att det inte var plast utan så här blev det när hon tog ut pizzor ur ugnen, det var papper som hängde kvar, och det fick man stå ut med. Det var inte papper, det var plast!!! Vi var fler i sällskapet som konstatera detta. Vi kommer aldrig mer att gå hit, vi kan inte heller rekommendera detta ställe!! 
This is a classic NY Pizza by the slice place. Nothing fancy but a huge selection of pizza ready to eat.
We wanted a quick bite to eat before a concert at Madison Square Garden. This restaurant was a short walk from the entrance on 38th St. and so we decided to sample the food. The line started at the front door and went past the glass counter where pizza of all variety was displayed. If you order by slice, the food is taken from the display and brought to the array of ovens to re-heat. If you order a whole pie the food is made from scratch. We ordered two white and a slice of Sicilian style. By the time the line moved us to the register to pay, the pizza, now warmed arrived.We were lucky to find an empty booth in the back among the twenty or so tables.Don't expect five star service or pleasing atmosphere, just some of the best pizza in NYC.
Comes highly recommended and as a fast food place the pizza is good and cheap. Served by the slice the pizzas are cooked whole and displayed. You request the flavour you want and a slice is cut and placed in the pizza oven to warm through. Result - hard base. Great for cheap and cheerful but nothing else
With all the good food in NY, it was hard to find time to squeeze in some pizza. The famous places require that you buy a whole pizza which was too much for me, so when I found this well ranked place that sells slices AND is about 50' from a subway stop, that sealed the deal.There was no lineup when I went at 9pm. They are open til midnite and are across from Madison Square Gardens. Service is friendly. The slices were $4 each or $4.50 for specialty toppings and they do take credit card. They warm up the slices for you which does take about 10 min. I had the margherita pizza and mushroom pizza. There was a lot of fresh mushrooms on the pizza but the flavour wasn't outstanding. The fresh cheese and basil on the margherita pizza was delicious. I don't enjoy the cardboard crust, I find it chewier than true Neapolitan pizza but I'm guessing this may be the NY way? Personal preference, like Montreal vs. NY bagels.
This was the best pizza I have ever had and my favourite of all the places we ate in NYC. It's a typical New York pizzeria that sells pizza by the slice or the pie - that's it!!! They really mean business with their pizza. My favourite was the buffalo chicken pizza. It literally blew my mind. Pizza and buffalo wings are my favourite things in the whole wide world. Nobody has the right to infuse two of the my sensational flavours to ever grace my pallet. Marinara and buffalo. Nobody could surely pull this off without disaster…boy was I wrong. The crust is crispy the the base is the perfect amount of soft. The marinara is rich and subtly tangy and the cheese is exquisite. Then the buffalo chicken scattered on the top. Chunks of moist chicken breaded and tossed in buffalo wings sauce. My first bite was my first food orgasm.
Fast food, with a dining area that's clean a spacious - the best pizza in the area, hands down.The margherita pizza was great - a fragrant sauce and fresh basil, and proper mozzarella cheese. Simple, yet delicious. The white pizza, with ricotta another favorite as well. They even have vegan pizza if you need that, as one of my party did - and they were very happy with it. They serve typical NY pizza, and deep dish styles - by the slice and whole pie. They have signs telling you wne each pie was originally baked. The slices heated up very crisply! Will have to make sure I manage another stop before heading home! They are open until midnight at the time of this review.
I like trying to find a great slice while in NYC. I will return to Pizza Suprema. Like any pure slice shop, it's nothing fancy. Order your slices, sit, and eat. I'm a plain cheese purist. Haven't had a better slice anywhere in Manhattan or Brooklyn.
When I first bit into a pizza at Nancy Silverton’s Pizzeria Mozza, I learned something about pizza: the crust makes all the difference. A great crust can make an average pizza shine, and it elevates an already great pizza. Pizza Suprema’s pizza is remarkable for two reasons: 1) that crust. Crisp, but not too thin. Solid enough to properly hold toppings, but not so solid that all you get is dough. The right flour, the right water. Perfection in bread as a foundation for a great slice. 2) balanced toppings. I had the mushroom pie, while my wife had the margherita. Fantastic, tangy yet a little sweet sauce, a healthy dose of mushrooms, and just the right amount of cheese, and you’ve got yourself a great slice. Nothing was too heavy handed that it overpowered any other ingredient. Everything was in balance. Simply put, Pizza Suprema is not to be missed.
Thanks to the Amtrak person who give us a tip for a quick lunch before heading back to the train station. This was perfectly balanced pizza - crispy chewy crust, good choices, perfectly balanced taste and great ingredients. Just what we needed, but should have bought a few more slices for the train ride!
I just kept eating...and eating...and eating. It was delicious! My fiance wanted to order a slice, but I was starving after a long day of traveling. So, casually I said, let's just get a pie. I did NOT regret it! The sauce was perfect - balanced and just enough for the amount of cheese. The crust was still super crispy - it actually snapped audibly when I folded it to take my first bite... and stayed that way until I took my last. And get this: I ordered chicken as a topping on my half, and fully expected chunks of grilled chicken on top, but when they brought the pie out, it was FRIED! I was ecstatic! (I know, I know, but I'm from South Carolina...fried chicken on my pizza was everything!)We stayed at a hotel in Times Square and the team concurred that "Pizza Suprema" was the place to go if we wanted good, NY pizza. They were absolutely correct. We loved it! We paid a pretty penny, but we left full...and completely satisfied.
I’ve visited this pizza corner few times and enjoyed it a lot. Great pizza and reasonable price. Recommended!
I have been going here for over 40 years. I used to pass 3 other pizza places lunchtime to go here. It was great before the world discovered it. Slices are huge. Taste has not changed in all the years. Always busy(it is across the street from MSG and tables are tough to come by, but worth the wait. I love the regular slices, but they also have every topping imaginable. In New York it is risky calling something the best, but this one is.
Pizza Supreme is AWESOME...casual pizza joint with photos of Anthony Bourdain hanging reminding you that he, as a super foodie, must have eaten here often. They have a tremendous selection. There is of course the usual suspects, but also things like mozzarella and fig, or spicy honey. Every slice I have tried I have LOVED !!!!! It's a super great place all the time..and could not be more convenient after any event at MSG.
I’ve moved from NY so finding a good pizza is basically impossible. I stopped by Pizza Suprema on a quick stop during a long layover and boy was it worth it. It’s right across from MSG. We stopped in around lunchtime and the line was already out the door. We ordered a full pie and a couple of pepperoni slices. Boy did it hit the spot. Huge slices, crunchy crust and just the right amount of cheese. I will be back!
Lots of history in this family owned Italian pizza place across the street from MSG. Absolutely delicious pizza, quick service, but a little pricey to be honest.
Hard to beat these slices in NY. We tried nearly everything and all were fantastic. Line moves fast so be ready to order. They are open late which is great as well. Worth a stop if looking for a pizza near MSG.
We were looking for an authentic pizza place which was close to MSG and our hotel and this place came highly recommended. I can see why. Nice and quick service, seating inside and the pizza was outstanding. I’m gonna miss having pizza like this when I fly home 😭😭😭
If you want a good and quick slice of pizza, this is the place. We went to this place while visiting and wanted to grab something before a concert at MSG, It is busy...and that is a good sign. Several types (thin and Sicilian dough) with any toppings you want. Quick service. If you are lucky to be able to sit and watch them make pizzas, it is poetry in motion.Do not overlook this place if you are close.
On the way to a concert at MSG, we saw the pizza in the window and had to make a stop. WOW!!!!! Unreal pizza.... everything has a special taste... just a little bit better than everyone else! I will be back!
I don't stay near(ish) the MSG area, but I do make the effort to walk and eat here as much as possible for late lunch or afternoon "snack".The pizzas are on display and slices are re-heated in the ovens. I'm not sure how long the pizzas are on display, but they taste good enough coming out piping hot from the oven.
So i was recommended this place by a friend who visited from the UK and it's where i decided to start my "pizza by the slice NY adventure"Some great pies - little more expensive then your usual NY Pizzeria take out but well worth it in my opinion.White pizza is excellent and the Divolo is the one to go for. Still running by the mantra a classic cheese shouldn't cost you more then a subway ride ($2.75). So at $3.50 for a cheese slice your pushing higher then the other "famous NYC pizzerias in town".Dropping a star for the price but if you're in the area can't beat this place. The service is great and they have some seating inside (warning - these come out of the oven hot!)(I think it's $10 minimum spend on a credit card so you're looking at 3 slices to push you above that - slices with toppings are $4.50+ but they are the usual huge standard so 3 is probably just too much :)
My kids had never had true authentic NYC pizza, so this was our first stop. I think they were truly surprised by the size of the slices and the actual flavor. This is not your corner Domino's or Pizza Hut. This was real pizza made by hand using homemade ingredients and sauces. Stop by here before a game as MSG or just because you're looking for a great slice. There is some seating, but not a lot.
Worst lunch experience after 4 weeks traveling across the US, very unfriendly staff making no effort to deal with my health issues. My advice : run away from this tourist trap !
