Absolutely AMAZING pasta and grrst staff! Highly recommend the lobster green pesto pasta or the truffle butter pasta, yummie! 
We had a memorable experience at this place. I had the Green Tagliatelle with wild boar ragu and it was incredible. Danilo was our server and made sure we had the best time. He is very knowledgeable about the wine menu and all the food pairings. Highly recommend this place. 
We stopped here the first time because the building is so green and welcoming on the outside. But we have continued to come back because the food is so delicious and we love the lively and quaint atmosphere. I love all of the pastas, but the carbonara is always perfectly cooked.
Hello,Thank you for the compliments! We are glad to know that you have greatly appreciated your visit to our restaurant and the quality of our food and ambiance.We look forward to seeing you again soon.
I can't describe how much at home I felt when I walked into this place. The pleasant ambiance, green plants in the interior, and the delicious smell from the kitchen made me feel like I had come to the right place, as if I was visiting my Italian granny's home many years later.Thanks to our waitress, Maria, we felt even more comfortable. She was very friendly and approved of our choices, so we felt confident in trying the best dishes from the menu. We ordered Tartare di Salmone and Buffalo Mozzarella, Spaghetti Carbonara and Fettuccine Tartufo, Chocolate Panna Cotta, and Cannolis, as well as Cappuccino and Macchiato. I was a bit skeptical about ordering coffee in a place other than a coffee shop as I usually don't like it, but even the coffee was great here, which is another proof that this place is very authentic and very Italian! I would personally suggest trying both pastas as they are absolutely amazing here, along with the Chocolate Panna Cotta and Macchiato.It's a nice place for a date, hanging out with friends, or a family dinner. I will definitely come back many times for many different occasions!
Dear Guest,Thank you for the kind words!We will let Maria and the team know that they are doing a great job!We look forward to hosting you again in the future.Best regards.
This restaurant is such an Italian dream come true! I came here for dinner with my boyfriend a few days, and we are still bragging about how phenomenal our experience was.First off, it was the perfect weather, and they had their doors open to sit outside. The ambiance is stunning, very nature/green and positive vibes.We both started off with the Old Cuban cocktail ($17). Expensive but worth it. It has a great kick but goes down smooth. And I love elderflower!Our appetizers - OKAY GUYS GET READY. The Bruschetta Ricotta is the best thing I've ever eaten. Period. The ricotta is so fluffy and creamy and then they drizzle truffle oil on top. We were both saying wow after every bite. I've never had anything like this and I cannot wait to go back. Then, we had a burrata, and it was FANTASTIC.For dinner, I had the margherita pizza with ricotta and my boyfriend has the mezzaluna. Both out of this world. Their pizza is doughy, warm, and soft. I loved it so much. My boyfriend had a clean plate very quickly.The service was wonderful--our server was Alex. She was very knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and helpful. All the food came out quickly and was timed well between courses.Cannot wait to come back!!
We arrived here on our first day in NY and were seated quickly in the early evening (happy hour!!!). We shared 2 pizzas and they were delicious with a perfect crust. The baked ricotta tart was a excellent finish. Would recommend. 
A beautiful pewter bar curls its way around one side, where you can enjoy a pre-meal drink. Its a beautiful setting with olive green walls and tasteful decorations, with beautifully laid tables. Varied Italian starters. We enjoyed the home made pasta, my wife had the Tagliatelle Bolognese which was delicious, our friend's Fusilli e Manzo equally so, and my Linguine alla Vongole was excellent. We did not have starters or dessert, but what we saw on neighbouring tables looked great. In January they have a wine half price special. Definately a repeat visit. Service was very good too.
We had the green tea and caprese. It was served with a really creamy buratta and plated nicely. Special thanks to Suzanna and Victoria , were very friendly and attentive.
I have been to this restaurant several times, and I always recommend it to friends and family. First of all, it is in a great location, easily accessible from the ABCDE lines or the 1 train. Situated right in the gayborhood, around the corner from the stonewall inn makes it perfect for a delicious meal before heading out to explore the nightlife. During the summer they have a beautiful outdoor patio, and while some may not appreiciate being directly on the streets, it is perfect to sip a glass of wine and people watch. Especially when you order one of their delicious seasonal sorbets. (They used to have a watermelon that was DIVINE.) The décor in the restaurant is on point, with the entrance being surrounded by greens and flowers. They have a beautiful bar, with an open, wood fire oven that puts out some of the most delicious thin crust pizzas ever. They have an extensive list of gourmet pizzas, and they are perfect for individuals or to share. Their extensive wine list and cocktail list pairs perfectly with all of their meals, and the service is always on point.
I chose this place based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. This review is based on a 3-course dinner for one. I had a salad ($11), gnocchi with pesto ($24), and tiramisu ($12). The salad was fine, basic mixed greens with a nice house made sherry dressing. The ricotta gnocchi was very good, nice pesto with a few small bits of string bean that added some nice texture. The tiramisu was outstanding. Everyone has tiramisu but this was exceptional. Very noisy dining room. Seating in the dining room is cramped, especially if you’re seated on the front or side wall. No room to squeeze between tables without moving either table, which is very awkward when those tables are occupied. The service was fine although I had to ask for bread. And the wait for the check was uncomfortably long. Bottom line: if you’re in the area and don’t mind a noisy cramped environment, I would recommend this place, although it’s not worth going out of your way for. It’s a bit pricier compared to other restaurants in other parts of the city that have comparable food and larger portions.
Worst pizza ever had. Leaky watery and falls apart. Ich! The Ceaser salad was weak,lots of light green lettuce. Decor is cool and bar is impressive. The other reviewers liked this place, maybe lunch is not their thing.
I dined at Olio the other night because of all the good reviews on TA. VERY disappointed! We had a nice guy as a waiter, I think was from Sicily. Unfortunately he was NOT a very good waiter. SLOW to get drink orders, slow to get the drinks to the table, slow to take food order. Really did not see him much of the night. We had a party of nine so you would think he would want the tip from that big of a party. I can live with slow service on a busy night (which it was not) but I cannot accept bad food along with the slow service - not at the prices you pay for the food. ALL of our entrees came out before our appetizers. I asked him whats this? He had not comment. My Caesar salad was ANYTHING but a Caesar salad - mixed greens with peppers and some Caesar dressing poured over it. My entree,Spaghetti Carbonara was TERRIBLE!! A lump of under cooked pasta that I needed a knife to cut through - not sure where the Carbonara was on this pasta. The one highlight was the Bread and olives.
We stumbled upon this place. The little patio with the lush greens caught our attention. What a gem! We both had pizza and wine and it was perfect! Tasty. Fresh. Love the decor and the fresh flowers on the tables. I definitely would recommend!
This is a great atmospheric street side restaurant with lush green pot plants throughout, great decor, and excellent rest rooms. Great place to people watch whilst you have a lovely meal. Very pleasant and a great escape from the street even though it is right on a busy road. Fantastic.
Love it is the perfect size and taste not to big and not full of cream I am very pick for pasta and priceless for the ambiance,service I have to mentioned Diego, Marcelino, and Tush very friendly people uhmm one more things fast service and awesome decoration the green field is in your table love it .
I have been to NYC three times and have dined here four times. The sheer beauty of this restaurant first drew me in, with lush green leaves and tons of potted plants and flowers, in a lovely spot in the Village. The outdoor seating provides a great spot for people watching, and has a very welcoming atmosphere. This sets the stage for an amazing dining experience, with THE BEST PIZZA I have had in the City. Last week my cousin and I both flew in to meet up for a girly weekend in NYC. She flew in from Newcastle, England, and I from Tampa, Florida. I knew she would fall in love with the place. We were seated outdoors, and Diego was our waiter. He was so friendly and kind. He took our order promptly, paying specific attention to my cousin's dietary needs and restrictions. He allowed us to stay for a nice, long leisurely dinner, and really took our experience to the next level with his exceptional service. The pizza was perfection, as it has been every time. I adore this place and look forward to many more special evenings in NYC in the future. Thank you Diego and Olio e Piu for making our trip even more perfect! :)
I am Italian and this restaurant embarrassed me: we arrived there and with the bread we have been served sunflower oil as extra virgin olive oil (the bottle was a fake and filled with sunflower oil)- anybody can easily recognize it from the flavor and the color. After asking twice to the restaurant manager we got real olive oil (that should be green and have an intense flavor), but the "trust relationship" was compromised. In full honesty: shame on you.
The food was great and amazing service really satisfied overall. The green hour is super creative and a great way to do happy hour
This is the place to hang out if you visit New York. So much fun with my bffs. Make sure you don’t miss the green hour for an Old Fashion and a delicious cheese burger with fries. 
I totally recommend this place. I had “green hour” with my friend at the bar. Joel (the Bartender) was part of our GREAT experience, such a nice person, amazing environment, delicious food and unforgettable drinks. Pistachio Bombe Glacee SO DELICIOUS!!! See you soon! 
An unplanned visit to this adorable French resto was the pleasant surprise everyone needs. We didn’t have a reservation but we scored a high top by the bar. We also lucked out that it was still Restaurant Week. The menu had enough variety to please all of us and every course was top notch. Joel was very attentive and made sure our glasses were full and our courses arrived in a timely manner. We are already planning our next trip back to enjoy the Green Hour menu and more of the absinthe cocktails!
First time at the Boucherie Union Square. The food was not only great but the service was amazing. I came for green hour / happy hour with my boyfriend. He loved the drinks, old fashion. And we tried the Beef Skewers ( yumm) Over all restaurant atmosphere is great, and our server Joel was great!!! Very attentive and he made sure we had a drink in hand all the time we were there. Great Service, food, and atmosphere. Really recommend !! 
In spite of overwhelmingly favorable reviews our experience was less than satisfactory. We opted for the traditional croque monsieur, which arrived as an overly large wad of tough bread containing rather uninspiring slices of ham and cheese. This was accompanied by a tangle of greens with a slight hint of unidentifiable dressing. Emphasis on quantity rather than quality, which seems to sadly be the direction of French cuisine these days. We should perhaps give Boucherie another chance, but are not inclined to do so...
I went to have some drinks with some friends at the Green Hour at Boucherie at Park Avenue, they have really nice drinks also German the bartender gave us an excellent service.
Came in after a work meeting that got out early with a friend and so happy I did! Stumbled into their “Green Hour” which had amazing wine and food deals until 7PM. The wine was matched only by the ambiance — I could have stayed for hours! Ranko, our server, was beyond amazing and fun. A great energy and so knowledgeable about the wines and cocktails! I will definitely be back here!
Starting with a charming facility, we enjoyed a lovely bottle of French wine, and the steak tartar which was good. The scallops entree was excellent and duck confit very good and well presented with toasts and a nice bunch of greens. Our Serbian waiter was charming and helpful and we enjoyed the complimentary glass of champagne in celebration of our anniversary. All in all a great choice for a short New York sojourn.
We came for the green hour from 6pm to 7pm. Half off burgers and mad tasty escargot. Bartender was mad decent and cool to chat with. Keep keeping it real.
Came by the other day and tried their Green hour menu. I really enjoyed their Old fashioned and Brochette, great small bites. Will definitely be back for dinner
Came for a dinner with my friends, food was great, fantastic ambience and attentive staff. Will definitely be back for Green hour
Came here for Green hour with friends, had great cocktails and small bites. Great value! will definitely be back
Stumbled upon this place one afternoon and I’m so happy I found. Cocktails are great, I had Boucherie Oldfashioned which was delicious. They also have great Green hour, I’ll make sure to come back soon and try it as well
Fantastic! We wanted to visit for some time. And it was well worth the wait. The food is exquisite. Great ambience. The service was impeccable—staff is friendly and helpful. The dinner menu is extensive and accommodated our varied tastes. And the flavors worked! I ordered seared scallops in a light tomato sauce, salad of sautéed Brussel Sprouts and carrots over mixed greens, and shared charcuterie platter. Ended with lamb chops cooked as requested. Excellent wine list and dessert menu. I definitely recommend Boucherie Park Avenue South. It’s well worth the trip and a wonderful addition to the food scene.
This affordable French Boucherie is a Top 10 TripAdvisor gem. We got seats at the bar during “Green Hour” with $10 drinks and low priced wine. Then ordered the lamb which was fantastic! Great service Fun vibe. Give it a go! 
My daughter and I had reservations for Sunday brunch. The restaurant was small so reservations were essential. We split the French onion soup and the Croque Monsieur accompanied by salad greens. The Croque Monsieur was one of the best I had ever eaten as was the French onion soup. What a charming restaurant!
We visited during the 3rd birthday celebration. The shop was beautifully decorated and festive. We went upstairs to the cafe so that we could order food not just treats. It is lovely with an open airy design. Service could be better, I noticed at least four tables being served water at the tmsame time as we were. We had to ask for water and it took at least 5 minute while the other tables had been seated before us. We ordered the Tokyo set which included fried chicken, salad, green tea latte and a matcha and passion fruit dessert. We also had a lobster roll and cronut (pineapple lemongrass). The chicken was well cooked and well seasoned in typically Japanese style it was chicken thighs, salad was fresh and lightly dressed but also only baby lettuces, the cronut was nice but I don’t get the obsession. Finally the matcha and passion fruit dessert was good, but the layer on top with ganach and white chocolate was too sweet, leave it off and it was perfect. All in all a good place to get a treat, but the cafe is over priced.
What an amazing night out with friends thanks to Jams. From Danny, the manager to Carlyle the bartender, to Ian the Chef, we we treated like royalty and the food/drinks were out of this world. Shout out to the Bison Tomahawk steak made by chef Ian! Yum! The living-green ambiance is stunning as well. I’ll be sure to recommend this restaurant to everyone! 
Wow! Thank you for this awesome review. We'd love to have you back any time.
Dining at Jams restaurant in 1 Hotel Central Park was an exceptional experience, deserving of nothing less than five stars. From the moment we stepped in, the atmosphere was captivating, adorned with an earthy, green decor and an abundance of vibrant flowers, creating a soothing and inviting ambiance.The culinary journey began with their exquisite burrata, a creamy delight that set the tone for the rest of the meal. However, the real star of the evening was the Wagyu burger, arguably the best burger in New York. Each bite was a perfect blend of flavors and textures, a testament to the chef's mastery.The bartenders at Jams deserve a special mention for their attentiveness and skill. They crafted amazing drinks that perfectly complemented the meal. Espresso Martini and Elm House Manhattan were flawless. For those preferring non-alcoholic options, the healthy mocktail choices were refreshing and creatively presented.Overall, Jams is more than just a dining spot; it's a culinary destination where every detail is thoughtfully curated to ensure an unforgettable experience. Whether it's the food, the drinks, or the ambiance, Jams sets a high standard for down to earth dining in New York.
Great read! It was our pleasure, Oleg.
This place is a part of the 1 hotel. I ve been staying in a hotel nearby but I would come for breakfast here every single morning of my stay.The food is exceptional, my favourite would be Green Shakshuka. The attention and care too, absolutely spectacular. Especially I d like to thank server Rowan. I felt like at a friends home. Thanks guys! By far my favourite breakfast place in the South of Park part of Manhattan
It was our pleasure. Thank you for kicking off your day by joining us for Breakfast. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
Just went to Jams for a Team Breakfast! Loved the green shakshuka. Ask them for the homemade hot sauce on the side! Chia pudding was amazing too!
Rowan was our server and did an excellent job! He was very attentive and kind, refilling coffees and was always paying attention if we needed something. The food exceeded expectations--fresh fruit and great eggs. Very close to Central Park. The space is beautiful and green as well. We'll be back!
Great drinks, great food (lamb chops were outstanding) great staff and cool atmosphere as the numerous plants and greens make this huge space also feel cozy. Went there for NYE party after a stroll in Central Park so also great for a date!
We stopped in on a whim and were blown away. The marinated olives were the best we’ve had in a long time, and the beet salad, guacamole and wilted greens, delicious. Fresh squeezed green juice was just the reset we needed and was so tasty! Contrary to this review, they have way more on the menu than veggies!!, it’s just what we happened to be in the mood for. Our server Mamun was fantastic and the entire vibe of the restaurant was upscale, and trendy boho chic. Will definitely return next time we’re in Manhattan!
Emda was awesome. We love the green juice!! Food was great and there was no wait to be seated. Would recommend 
Jams Restaurant, located in the !Hotel Central Park, is a rare example of a"hotel restaurant"that can stand on its own as a fantastic destination dining experience! We have dined here many times, and every dish was always deliciously prepared true gourmet fare. On our most recent visit, we dined at one of the lovely outdoor tables, and had the pleasure of being served by Saydimar, who was charming, sweet, and very professional, and additionally attended to by Jackie, another caring, warm, and attentive member of the wonderful Jams staff. Although everything we've ever had from the menu is fantastic, the Jams Chicken is one of our two favorite "must always have" dishes -- it is definitely the BEST roast chicken in all of NYC, possibly the whole country! The Kale Caesar salad is another "must have" -- and we normally don't even like kale! The most delicious Caesar dressing on the planet -- it is sublime! The fries accompanying the chicken were perfectly crispy and flavorful, and the wilted greens and roasted baby carrots with romescue (which we had on a previous visit) were delicious as well. We were celebrating a birthday and were treated to a luscious chocolate caramel brownie ice cream dessert -- so decadently scrumptious that no words can do it justice! Saydimar and Jackie brought it over with a lit candle and a glass of liqueur, to make a special night even more special. We highly recommend booking a table at Jams for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, for an incredible dining experience!
We come here often for breakfast. They are, at times understaffed, but food is always great for breakfast. Nice "green" atmosphere.
Thanks so much for the great review. We're looking forward to seeing you back soon.
The food here was absolutely fantastic, like five star gourmet quality. I’m vegan and sober, and they were able to accommodate me amazingly. All of the vegan dishes were some of the best I’ve ever had - very savory and decadent tasting but very nutritious and vegetable forward at the same time. My favorites were the grilled baby gems with green goddess dressing, the tomato confit hummus and the beet salad. They also made me a delicious passionfruit mocktail that’s one of the best I’ve ever had. The ambience is also beautiful, with hundreds of plants surrounding you, somewhat dim lighting, and nice music that’s not too loud.
We happened upon Jams on a delightful summer Sunday morning and it captured our imagination at first sight--the building is covered in all kinds of living greens and plants--lovely! We sat outside, enjoyed great drinks, delicious food (all impeccably plated) with good service. Just blissful! We will be back!
This is our first time visiting NY after COVID-19, some of the old places are no longer there so we.found this little gem close to Central Park on 6th Ave.The brunch menu is diverse, organic and healthy, has a nice variety of different foods like the pretzel croissant or the plancha brunch and even a delicious avocado toast with greens. Definitely a comeback place
It’s a very well designed place. Pretty and comfortable inside. The food was a disappointment. My sister had the French toast which the waitress said was the best French toast she has ever had. Yea not so much. It was one thick piece of brioche bread with a huge pile of Creme fraiche and a strawberry compote that was bitter. My sister said it tasted sour and scraped everything off the bread. She wanted some syrup for the toast but the waitress never checked on us. I had the omelet which I found to be over salted (and I love salt) and a “salad” of mixed greens which were thrown on the plate without any dressing. Strange. I ordered gluten free bread and I got two slices of bread that definitely came out of a package from the grocery store, maybe udi’s. The butter was so hard and the toast was cold so the butter tore the bread apart when I tried to put it on the bread. We finally got the attention of the waitress and I got some dressing for the salad and my sister got her syrup but we just left without finishing our food anyway. Disappointed
Good afternoon,I want to first thank you for taking the time to provide feedback, and let you know that I am deeply sorry that your time here did not meet and exceed your expectations. We know that when you chose to visit our restaurant, you had so many amazing locations to choose from here in NYC, and we are thankful and honored that you chose us.While I am glad that you enjoyed our space, I am deeply sorry that your food and service were not up to par. I would love an opportunity to speak with you personally about your visit and have an opportunity to invite you back to see what a wonderful experience the Jams can truly be!Please feel free to call me or email me any time. My direct phone number is 212.703.2056, and my email is sasha.kaudererabrams@1hotels.com. I very much look forward to speaking with you soon.Best,SashaRestaurant Manager
Firs time visit to Jams 1 hotel and my first time with my Family and my first Review, it Was very busy Breakfast We didn’t make Reservation but we get table ready in 5 minutes around ,Started with Cappuccinos and Delightful assortment Party’s Our server Rowan Recommend Jams omelet Avocado,Tofu Scramble green drink ext ext...wow delicious, best BFmenu that offered an extensive choice of Breakfast, and stand out was the service and thanks to Rowan who made our Morning Breakfast remarkable,He was professional, attentive, I Dine in so many places so far Jams is the Best everybody love it,Beautiful Restaurant Classic Natural looks from inside ,we visit Ever year 2 times in NYC but never noticed about this Outstanding 1 Hotel Restaurant we mostly stay at Plaza Hotel, But we find our place in NYC ,Next Visit Surely 1Hotel Jams.
Although was a bit of a wait standing in the bar for the table (with reservations), we were seated in a lovely corner table. I had noted it was our anniversary when I made the reservation, and we were treated to a beautiful book about the restaurant and its history. We both had the FILET MIGNON «AU POIVRE» (Pepper crusted beef tenderloin, mashed potatoes and green peppercorn cream sauce) with a side of mixed vegetables. Excellent! For dessert, we had MINI MADELEINES (Citrus and praline madeleines freshly baked) and coffee. Delicious! I highly recommend this beautiful restaurant.
Hello,Thank you for reviewing your recent dining experience.We aim to make every experience with us a memorable one, so it is gratifying to receive your message of satisfaction and recommendation.It is an incentive for our team members to continue with their efforts to uphold our high standards.We would be pleased to have you return for another visit in the future.
When I want to feel like I’m in Paris, this is where I head to. My favorite French spot in the city. Not only does Boucherie have the most authentic French cuisine in the city, but this location `La Grande Boucherie’ is absolutely stunning. A perfect spot for brunch, happy hour (or as they call it "Green Hour”) or dinner….it NEVER disappoints. If you’re an Old Fashioned 🥃 lover like myself, this spot has one of the best in town. Now go make those Resys and Bon Appetite! *most of our dinner was comped, but this is my honest opinion and I have paid my way on my own many times here.
Hello,It is always a pleasure to receive such appreciation, as our primary goal is to satisfy our guests’ expectations, offering the best Boucherie experience.We are delighted that you enjoyed our La Grande Boucherie location.Our team is thrilled that you enjoyed your visit.We hope to see you soon!
We had a lovely breakfast at La Grande Boucherie. The abeyance is exquisite and the staff were so kind. Seated in the corner, we were able to take in the beautiful lighting, mosaic tiles, florals and greens, and it felt like I was transported to Paris! Just what I needed on a gloomy NYC day. To top it off, the almond croissant and eggs benny were five stars, and we finished with a charming dish of madelines. I hope to be back for dinner sometime!
Hello Alexandra,Seeing your 5-star rating for La Grande Boucherie is truly an honor.We are delighted we did not disappoint your expectations and received such a high score.Making our customers satisfied makes us grateful; it makes us understand that our commitment and professionalism are noticed and, above all, appreciated.We look forward to welcoming you back!
Spent much time searching for a restaurant for a special birthday dinner while in NYC. Based on the rave, solid reviews at Grand Boucherie booked here with confidence. What a disappointment! Bread served before we received any food was of a lovely consistency, crusty on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside but it was extremely salty. Appetizers were just so-so for the four of us but be sure not to order the vol au vent. Anyone who has had a true vol au vent in a legitimate French restaurant will be sorely disappointed, this tasted mostly of a chicken bouillon cube thickened with corn starch. Green salad was uninspired and poorly dressed. Mains arrived. I had the branzino and it had an off taste accompanied with some lack lustre fennel. It was very unappetizing and I told my waiter I just was unable to eat it. He did offer to get me somethibg else but at this point I knew the rest of the party would be finished and waiting on my. I shared some of my husband’s steak frites and this too was edible but not much more than that. The best part was the French fries and that’s disappointing to say the least for a much anticipated dinner. I don’t know if we hit an off night, chose the wrong dishes but I certainly would not return. The quality of the food certainly does not match the very high prices.
Good afternoon,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback with us. We are sorry to hear you had an unpleasant experience. With the intention of creating a better experience for our guests, please kindly contact us at guestrelations@thegroup.nyc with your contact information as well as your review as a reference, and we will reach out to you. We look forward to speaking to you soon.Sincerely,
Awe man! I'm going to keep this sweet and short as long reviews usually seem fake. This one though is real! My interaction with this restaurant started via email as I was looking to book it for an engagement photoshoot. I was emailed back by a someone named Julia...who was simply awesome in being a professional and accommodating. She gave us the green light to have the photoshoot. Once we arrived at the restaurant, I was greeted first by a florist outside making sure all those real plants in the outside looked amazing for the day. I could've have been turned away then because he did not know who I was and didn't work at the restaurant. But he guided to someone who did worked at the restaurant whose name I did not get to ask for. But he too was very professional and super friendly. He allowed us to wait for the manager and alerted us when he got there. We went on to take the pictures after speaking to Jose, the manager there that day. And after we were done taking pictures. Jose did the most incredible thing. He came to use outside and ask if we would like to stay and get some coffee and team before we left. We gladly said yes and we ended up just staying to have our first meal. The friendliness of the staff there so early in the morning while we were there is unmatched! If you have not been to this restaurant before, you should go. Not just for the food, which is delicious or the deserts, which are even more delicious! But for the service, the only place I've seen such great service was in France. Which makes since since La Grande Boucherie is a French restaurant! 
Hello,Wow, a perfect score! Thank you for the beautiful review. We're delighted to have made a positive impact on your day.Consistency at every level is key to success and durability. We are pleased to have fulfilled your expectations, and thanks for sharing your feedback.Your comments are the best motivation our team has to keep working and offer a high standard of service. We are delighted to learn that your experience here was so satisfactory and that you found the whole experience and the attention received from the team to impress you the most.It has been a lovely pleasure to have you with us, and we would love to have the opportunity to welcome you back at La Grande Boucherie!
This restaurant (branch of a small group) occupies a covered atrium along what the City has designated "6 1/2 Avenue." It has the aura of outdoor dining, but is actually in a well-conditioned covered space with a high ceiling. There are more interior tables, but the restaurant has no front wall. I sat at a Hi-Top right where that wall might have been, because I walked-in during a Wednesday Matinee-day lunch. (Not a special menu, just meaning busy day.) In fact, they warned me that there was no Pre-Theater special price menu at lunch. I don't know if the dinner menu is larger or more expensive.I was surprised that the lunch menu wasn't longer. Besides burgers and steaks, and a lot of Brunch dishes (I mean omelettes and quiches), there was a veggie choice and the Salmon en papilotte that I chose. It was well-prepared, with leeks and fingerling potatoes that finished their cooking inside the papilotte with the fish. It was good. I asked my waiter to recommend a dessert, and he suggested Profiteroles. I asked him if they were made every day, and he said yes. They were good, but the vanilla ice cream inside them was not particularly "premium". The pastry was in good condition, but it was not as good a dish as the Salmon.I was happy with my relatively large lunch. But I don't think every Trip Advisor reader is ready to pay over $100 for an (admittedly, substantial in my case) lunch, in an informal seated restaurant. Here's my bill:Glass Viognier wine 18.00Glass Pinot Gris wine 19.00Salmon en Papillote 38.00Green Side Salad 12.00Profiteroles 14.00Decaf Drip Coffee 5.50------Subtotal 106.50tax 9.45Total Bill 115.95My 25% tip 26.00---Total $141.95
I visited La Grande Boucherie with a friend on a Monday evening. Before you even enter the front door, you’re immediately struck by the beauty of the space. From the lighting to the plants to the outdoor tables, you’re immediately transported to a French cafe. This continues as you enter to see an expansive bar flanked by a raw bar. As I weaved through the space to be seated at my table, I was struck by the professionalism of the staff - holding the door, moving aside as I passed, pointing me in the right direction. This professionalism continued throughout the meal as our waiter offered many recommendations in line with the food and drink preferences I shared. I enjoyed the La Vie en Rose for my drink, which was sweet, delicious, and a beautiful deep pink. My appetizer was the Salude Mesclun, a mixed green salad with warm goat cheese and apple slices. I had the mushroom ravioli as my entree and the profiteroles, a pastry with vanilla ice cream drizzled with dark chocolate, for dessert. The dessert was the culinary highlight for me, particularly the quality of the dark chocolate. Overall the food was good but not the highlight of the experience. I appreciated that there were multiple entree options for me as a vegetarian. The menu prices are higher than I would expect for the food. As a result I am most likely to return in the future for drinks with an appetizer at the bar to enjoy the ambiance and quality of service. Thank you to the team at La Grande Boucherie for a lovely evening!
Hello Magi,Thanks for sharing your feedback following your recent visit to La Grande Boucherie.We were all happy to see that you enjoyed your visit, and feedback like yours motivates us to work harder to exceed our guests’ expectations daily.Our team looks forward to welcoming you back for another more enjoyable dining experience.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done And this steak was a medium rare perfectly cooked! Last night I had an amazing Grabbd App collaboration with La Grande Boucherie and had this beautiful dinner. The staff and service was all nice and attentive. They spoiled me with food and drink! They started me off a drink, the ale Diable (Del Maguey mezcal, Espolon reposado, grilled grapefruit, & cassis) and with bread for the table. I wish I took a picture of the bread of because that butter deserved it! Then I tried the Salade Mesclun Au Cherve Chaud (mixed greens, warm goat cheese on crispy croutons, apples, cherry tomatoes, & candied walnuts). For my main, I ordered the Filet Au Poivre (foley with peppercorns in brandy sauce - 🥰 no words, just that emoji) with a side of mashed potatoes. Finally, for dessert, they surprised me with a Paris-Brest (a ring of pate e choux with praline moussaline, topped with chocolate) an item not yet officially added to their menu. I actually had to google this dessert because I had never tried it before. My feed may make me look like a pretty adventurous eater but that’s not very true. I like to try foods usually once, but when it comes to dessert, my rule is no nuts or fruits in it. This one surprised me! It’s something I never would’ve ordered for myself and didn’t have an overly powering nut flavor. The pralines added an unexpected crunch to the overall smooth dish. I also found out where it got its name. It’s named after a bicycle race from Paris to Brest, France and is supposed to look like a wheel.
Wanted to grab a drink after work with my friends, it was Friday and the bar even though it was pretty big was still packed with mostly office people and by the look of it, having a good time, good thing we found a spot to squeeze in and they even have Green hour (happy hour), which is a steal. The place is huge, awesome ambiance and most importantly service was awesome. Bencher was really friendly and attentive even though they look super busy behind the bar. Everyone working really know what they’re doing.Highly recommend this place.Try La Vie en Rose and Boucherie Old Fashioned.
Boucherie is an upscale brasserie offering classic and elegant French cuisine with 4 different locations in NYC. This location is specifically my personal favorite amongst others, the moment you walk into the restaurant feels like you've been transported to Paris. With stunning decor and a warm welcoming ambiance, La Grande Boucherie offers an extensive wine list and menu items that cater at different price points and eclectic menu offerings. With my last visit at La Grande, I ordered their Saumon D'ecosse (a thinly sliced Scottish Smoked Salmon served with creme fraiche, citrus, and chives), as well as their Salade Niçoise (a mixed greens salad with green beans, confit potatoes, shallots and cherry tomatoes, hardboiled eggs topped with anchovies, and 4 slices of ahi tuna) both light and refreshing perfect for a Starter.For entree, I ordered their massive 48oz. Tomahawk ribeye steak served with roasted bone marrow, bordelaise and béarnaise sauce on the side which they said are good for 2 people for which I actually think is good for up to 3-4 people. It was perfectly cooked with a crispy char on the outside and moist/tender center, it was very well seasoned with the beefy flavor really coming through with the minimum amount of juicy fat that almost melts in your mouth as you chew on the meat that compliments very well with my glass of Bordeaux.For Desserts, I had creme brulee and chocolate et caramel tarte which were both up to scratch. Overall, La Grande Boucherie is always a good idea if you are looking for authentic French cuisine. Perfect for date nights, family gatherings, or even for a single diner looking for a 'french' dining experience. 10/10 highly recommend!
I was in NYC for a weekend getaway with the family, so we decide to try this restaurant base on there amazing reviews and decor.. me and my wife love French food and I must say this place didn't disappoint at all.. from the decor to the food and super friendly staff it was a great experience.. We got some great starters - Oysters, Mixed green Salad with Goat Cheese.. Entrees were super good and not to heavy which left room for dessert.. love how attention to detail they are from the host, bartenders, waiters and Aaron the manager was super friendly and recommended the salmon ... I totally will go back soon with my wife.. this is my fav restaurant in NYC!!
This is an enormous French-themed restaurant, partly within and partly adjacent to a pedestrian atrium connecting 53rd and 54th streets. The place was packed last Sunday night. Three of us had pretty horrendous meals. Two "French" onion soups were poor. New York restaurants generally seem to do cracked lobster cocktails really well, with very fresh lobster. Half of mine was edible but not very good. The half inside the claw was a watery mush, and not edible. My coq au vin contained large chicken parts that don't belong in one, but very little meat. I ordered a platter of vegetables, which the waitress described as including green beans and shredded carrots. Apparently, the restaurant had intervening supply chain issues, and we were served cauliflower and broccoli that had come out of a frozen Costco (or similar but lower quality) bag. We did not stay for dessert.This meal was not inexpensive. If you want a French meal in New York, stay away. And if you don't want to pay through the nose, find a nice neighborhood bistro.
Came with a Groupon as it had such good reviews. A watered down menu but we expected that and really good value as included a bottle of wine. The food was amazing, beautifully cooked steak and creamed potatoes, no greens or vegetables though and we weren’t offered any even as an extra which we’d have happily paid for. Beautiful decor and place, and waiting staff friendly enough BUT I’d read so many good reviews on the owner being really friendly etc, unfortunately not the case for us! He greeted us without even a smile, asked us for the voucher(fair enough) took us to our table and then not a word after even though we saw him smiling and and chatting with every other customer after us, we felt a bit awkward! It was my Birthday and didn’t feel we could say so. Again I will re enforce the food was beautiful, but we didn’t feel very welcome
My wife and I had a FANTASTIC experience at Club A Steakhouse &just can’t say enough nice things about this place!! It’s hard to pick restaurants in NYC due to so many options to and sometimes you just have to roll the dice. Wife found Circle A while searching for somewhere to celebrate our Anniversary and saw their Groupon couldn’t resist the great value of a Full Steak Dinner for Two with Appetizers, Entrée, Sides, Dessert, & Bottle of Wine.We visited on 7/16/21 for our 33rd Wedding Anniversary and from the minute we stepped in the door we knew we had made a great choice!! Over scheduled ourselves for last full day in NYC so we were running late, didn’t have time to stop & change into dress clothes, & arrived apologizing for being late & not dressed properly. Host that greeted us assured us that it was no problem, we didn’t need to change clothes, & made us feel welcome by telling us Circle A believes if the customer is comfortable then they are comfortable. It was a wonderful way to be greeted that set the tone for a great evening!! It’s a beautiful restaurant located near Central Park with an interior that has the feel of the kind of place Sinatra would have loved with all the hardwood, linen tablecloths, & ambience that makes one think of everything that makes NYC famous. We were seated upstairs and our server Nick promptly greeted us by taking our drink orders and sharing details about the menu. Unfortunately, we didn’t realize the Groupon menu is separate from regular menu so he had to change presentation mid-course but he did not change his service level or attitude because we were Grouponers. For anyone using the Groupon just mention it up front so you get the right menu which is a fixed offering though you do have the option to order off the regular menu; you just have to pay the difference.Nick was a fun server with a great sense of humor & stories all while being attentive to all the details needed for a restaurant to provide a great dining experience. He made sure our glasses never ran dry & was quick to bring the food courses. He is awesome so ask for Nick when you go…he will make sure you have a great time!Dinner started with our bottle of red wine included with the Groupon for people like us who are not Wine Connoisseurs we have no idea what the experts would think of it but we know what we like and really enjoyed our bottle. For our first course, wife chose Mixed Green Salad (Mesclun Mix, Strawberry, Pecan, & Pecorino) and I couldn’t resist Club A Bacon (Extra Thick, Applewood Smoked). As a married couple, we naturally sample off each other’s plates and we both thought the options were delicious (I personally thought the Bacon was best!!). We both got the 10 oz. Filet Mignon for Entrée and were beyond happy with quality of meat & that they were cooked to perfection. Wife chose Whipped Potato Puree & I chose the Creamed Spinach (Cream & Nutmeg) and both were wonderful choices. For dessert, Nick suggested we get one of each offering to sample both the Homemade Profiteroles & Homemade Tiramisu and we agreed. Imagine our surprise that what we actually got was an unexpected bonus that included a slice of New York Cheesecake!! Biggest surprise of all was when the owner Bruno Selimaj came to our table to personally congratulate us on our special day & thank us for choosing his restaurant for our celebration dinner. He then took our picture and gave us a card with the photo inside and signed it as a special memento of the night. He came back to talk & check on us a few more times and his son also stopped by with congratulations & a thank you for choosing Circle A.So happy we found Circle A since the Groupon offered the best dining value in NYC and gave us one of the most memorable dining experiences ever. Highly recommend it whether celebrating a special day or just want a great meal at a family-owned restaurant. Kudos to everyone at Circle A for making our special night something extra special!
The mixed green salad, filet mignon, Mac and cheese, house wines and tiramisu were all incredible! Service did not disappoint, was very attentive and overall zero issues which can be rare when going out with a large group!
When you see a place ranked as number 3 in New York you assume this means its a safe, if not excellent choice. This is not the case with this restaurant. My friend and I went as a last meal in New York before leaving the city and wanted an excellent meal to end a wonderful trip. This was not what we expected.Starting with the salad, listed as a mixed greens salad with no further description the salad came with roquefort cheese, while this is not the end of the world, it would have been nice to know that they put it on the salad so to know to ask to hold it.Next the meal. We both ordered the Filet Mignon, she medium well, I medium rare. Sides? Broccoli and fries. I asked the waiter what the process was for the sautéed broccoli. He said olive oil and garlic. Great. ((I should mention I have a severe nut allergy)The sides and steak arrive. Her steak, EXTREMELY overcooked, not slightly, very. The waiter was very gracious and offered to take hers back. Then my steak, medium rare is the recommended way to order a steak. Medium rare usually entails tender meat, pink to red with blood and tender to cut. My steak was dry, parts were well done other medium, no blood and difficult to cut. I hate to send things back and so didn't but needless to say worst prepared steak I've had in a long time.The sides. The fries were excellent! The broccoli came out with a dressing of pine nuts (remember the allergy?) I asked because I wanted to avoid this happening and the waiter never mentioned anything about pine nuts. So I had to send it back.Now we've sent the broccoli back, her steak back and so are eating the fries and waiting for her steak to arrive. The sides cool, my steak cools, the new broccoli cools and finally her steak arrives. This cut looking suspiciously unlike a filet mignon and once again over cooked, at this point though we've given up hope and suck it up and eat our steaks. Hers overcooked, mine overcooked and cold.To make it up to us they brought a complimentary dessert - our advice? Avoid the cheesecake and the tiramisu. So can you really call yourself a steakhouse when you can't prepare a steak? You tell me.
Fadwa K., It greatly bothers me that you didn't enjoy the "Club A Experience" that I so arduously strive to have my guest's to receive for over the last 4 decades. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I will bring up the issues in your review in my next weekly staff meeting. I do hope that you give us a chance to redeem ourselves and ask for me personally, when you do decide to do so. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
Classic style dark with red highlight lighting. Had the rib eye with hash browns. Very good! (Hash browns are made with pepper and green peppers- a little kick but very good.)I sat at the bar and had excellent service. Upstairs has the best seating - the piano room has a view with a lighted tree very nice. 
Went to Club A after reading the glowing reports from other people on Trip Advisor. While the room was intimate and the service excellent, the food was mediocre at best.A porterhouse that is ordered medium should come out exactly that way. Our steak was barely cooked in certain parts and was slathered in butter. I had my cardiologist's number with me as I ate. The hash browns had a bitter green pepper taste to them so I implore people to avoid them as well.To be fair, the service was excellent and the dessert on the house that everyone receives is a nice touch. Kudos for that.But as for a steakhouse--Club A was way more like a C+
winger23, It greatly bothers me that you didn't enjoy the "Club A Experience" that I so arduously strive to have my guest's to receive for over the last 4 decades. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I will bring up the issues in your review in my next weekly staff meeting. I do hope that you give us a chance to redeem ourselves and ask for me personally, when you do decide to do so. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
Despite reading so many positive reviews of Club A, I was still skeptical - could the place really be that good? The answer is yes, it is. Celebrated the wife's birthday on December 28 with a night in New York that included dinner at Club A. Although we arrived ahead of our reservation time and the place was crowded, we were met with smiles and were seated within minutes. We had a variation of surf and turf, ordering the 16 ounce filet mignon and grilled sea bass. Although the kitchen was a little slow in preparing our order (I later received a personal apology from the owner, Mr. Selimaj), the food was outstanding. Both dishes cooked perfectly. I like mushrooms with my steak and a little bit of the side of mushroom sauce we ordered was all that cut of meat needed. The sea bass was accompanied by delicious julienne carrots and green beans. The Happy Birthday dessert dish of tiramisu, cream puffs and a slice of chocolate mousse disappeared almost as quickly as the entrees. I had a very nice conversation with the owner, who offered to buy us a nightcap as we were about to leave. If we didn't have tickets to a show, we would have spent some more time there. We look forward to our next trip to Manhattan, which will definitely include a return to Club A.
Sonofthhe60's,First off, happy birthday to your wife once again, with many healthy and happy more! I am glad that everything was enjoyable when dining at my restaurant. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I look forward to seeing you again when you do return and please do recommend to all your friends. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
Went to NYC for an overnight with my husband for business and wanted to go someplace for a nice dinner. The reviews for Club A were so fantastic and I was able to get a reservation for 9:00pm. When we arrived it was VERY busy. We had two waiters at first and it took a little while to get a drink. After a few tables cleared the atmosphere was splendid. We each had appetizers, tuna tartar which came with a beautiful green salad and the tomato mozzarella salad, both were divine. My husband ordered a filet ( cooked black and blue) and I had crab cakes. We were pleasantly surprised by a lovely mushroom ravioli served between courses. That was crazy good. My husband's steak was absolutely cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth. My crab cakes were ALL crab, no fillers, beautiful, crispy and with a green salad. The owner Bruno, was bee bopping around every single table to ensure each customer's needs were being met. He came to our table and was very cordial and attentive. The waiter brought us a beautiful dessert plate after our dinner and Bruno offered us an after dinner drink. Can't even talk about the desserts without getting teary eyed. Cream puffs like I can't even describe, Tiramisu and a cheesecake that was the best I have ever had. It had a hint of cinnamon and was moist and creamy unlike some cheesecakes that tend to be a bit dry. Honestly, my husband and I just looked at each other and pinched ourselves. The place was the BOMB and we would go back in a heartbeat. Bruno was absolutely lovely and our servers were fantastic. One of the very best meals I've ever had and I'm a foodie. Thank you Bruno for your generous hospitality and thank you Trip Advisor for your wonderful website that I turn to first every time I ever have to go anywhere. Your service is invaluable. Merry Christmas everyone. !!
Sheila D, I am glad that everything was enjoyable when dining at my restaurant. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I look forward to seeing you again when you do return and please do recommend to all your friends. Happy holidays to you and your loved ones. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
Bruno and his staff know how to please! My food was incredible and the servers were extremely attentive. The atmosphere is cozy and quaint! Make sure you ask to sit upstairs near the window - the view is nice with the green trees and white lights!
HBenks, I am glad everything was enjoyable. Thank you for dining at my restaurant and taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, customer feedback is pivotal. Reviews such as your review make what I do, day in and day out, all that more rewarding.  I look forward to seeing you again in the future. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
Whilst visiting NYC for my Mother's 60th we booked a table for 16 at Club A steakhouse - we originally attempted to book Gordon Ramsays BLT but they didn't seem at all interested in the special occasion and couldn't even guarantee we'd be sat together! We found Club A through Trip Advisor, it looked good, the menu looked great and the lady was so helpful when I rang up that we booked here instead.Upon arrival (we were an hour early) we had drinks in the bar area and were told our table was ready whenever we were. The owner came over and said hi and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful all evening. The food was amazing (nicest steak i've ever had) but the extra touches made the experience even better - complimentary appetisers and desserts (even a special made cheesecake for my Mother with Happy Birthday on)It was a very relaxed evening, we never felt rushed at all and once we'd finished the staff even helped us find someone nearby to carry on the celebrations. Some of the photos don't do the place justice - I thought it looked little and almost 'cosy' but it's actually quite large and furnished to a very hand standard (especially loved the lights outside on the trees and the wine decanters)They're aren't any negatives really but the only thing I would say is that if jazz isn't really you're think you may find the live music a bit overpowering at times(!)This place certainly isn't cheap but it was very much money well spent and i'll definitely visit again next time i'm in NYC.... We've previously ate at Tavern on the Green and this was head and shoulders above that experience!
Louise B, First off, happy 60th birthday to your mother once again. Many healthy and happy more! I am glad that everything was enjoyable when dining at my restaurant. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I look forward to seeing you again when you do return and please do recommend to all your friends. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
I searched for a dinner choice on TripAdvisor recently while in Midtown NYC for business. Based on my location, Club A came up highly rated. TripAdvisor never usually let's us down, and this choice continued the good reputation!I came in early (5:00PM) and no one was there, and all staff were very polite and helpful. I was seated in a primary location on the second floor overlooking 58th Street. The music was fun and lively and the environment was very nice. I was soon joined by some young couples, and another single businessman.The waiter explained the simple 'steakhouse" menu and the specials. I ordered the Tuna Tatar special appetizer and the Filet-on-the-Bone special entre. A class of Italian wine complimented it nicely. The Tuna was tasty, but nothing memorable, I prefer raw tuna in larger simple pieces, more like Sashimi. This was a little over processed, but served with a fresh mixed green salad and some chopped onion. The À la carte Filet was cooked just as I ordered, but was larger than I really wanted - but I suppose that's the nature of a steakhouse. The Filet was crispy outside and flavorful inside. I also ordered the sautéed spinach, which was still slightly crispy - which I liked. It also was not overly garlicky.The service was very good. I noticed at the fellow next to me, that when his food arrived he wasn't sure he liked the side he ordered. The waiter and his assistant went out of their way to ensure that the customer had what he wanted, even it meant replacing the side ordered.I ordered a second glass of wine, when they brought a "complimentary" dessert: mini cannoli, tiramisu, and chocolate crème puff. The crème puff was out of this world! It tasked like a light Beignet filled with light chocolate crème - yummy! This is definitely on my list when I return.
Spa-Foodies, I am glad that everything was enjoyable when dining at my restaurant. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I look forward to seeing you again when you do return and please do recommend to all your friends. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
This was our 3rd dinner reservation during our stay in NYC (Also ate at: Chez Josephine, Tao, Dovetail, E&E, Angelo's pizza, Carnegie Deli). The best customer service experience of the entire trip. Staff and the owner all thanked us multiple times for our patronage, the owner thanked us for making the trip from Canada and mentioned that we had made the booking through trip advisor. We split a crab cake to start- very meaty crab cake, not full of breading. A complimentary Lobster Ravioli was provided- Wow- you would not be disappointed to order the entre. My wife had Chilean Sea Bass and I had a Filet Mignon- both cooked as ordered- this place knows how to NOT overcook fish. Sides are available for sharing- we had: Mac and cheese with truffle, steamed broccoli (our lone healthy vegetable- can be sauted) and the German hashbrown. The Hashbrown steals the show- Potato, onion, green pepper, black pepper and a touch of celery seed- we had the leftovers for breakfast the next day- YUM. Dessert (Which we were going to skip) was a sampler of Carrot cake, tiramisu and another cream puff pastry- a free dessert- I passed the generosity on to the waitstaff- they deserved it!This was the only restaurant on the trip that I felt like I HAD to come back to the next time I go to NYC.There website is above average- lots of information including subway directions!
Mike H, I am glad that everything was enjoyable when dining at my restaurant. Thank you for dining at my restaurant as well as taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. As an owner/operator for over 40 years, my customer feedback has always been pivotal in making my future customer experience better. I look forward to seeing you again when you do return and please do recommend to all your friends. Best Regards, Bruno Selimaj (Owner)
We ate here for our anniversary and it was very pleasant from the start. I requested to sit side by side and that's not usually accommodated in NYC!! We were given a lovely round table with plenty of room and a nice view of the street. The ambiance was very romantic and the servers were excellent. We used a Living Social deal for dinner and I have to say that it exceeded my expectations. The portions were large and the food was delicious. We shared a filet, a large portion of hanger steak (ever better than the filet taste wise), mac & cheese (superb) and creamed spinach (I added lemon). I had a mixed green salad to begin with and my boyfriend had the calamari...I'm allergic to eggs so I couldn't try it but my boyfriend said it was good, not great. Because I'm allergic to eggs, the server took it upon himself to substitute our desserts for something we could share. Three large scoops of delicious vanilla ice cream, a bowl of fresh whipped cream with a candle and a bowel of fresh strawberries, blueberries and raspberries, complete with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the serving plate. Then he brought us 2 glasses of champagne...complimentary. I was so surprised and pleased. It made our evening even more delightful. We will return. **Just up 58th street from the restaurant is a parking garage on the left right after the traffic light...if you take your ticket, they will validate and you can park for $12 for ten hours...A STEAL IN NYC!!! Make sure you turn left into the garage otherwise you'll be heading to Queens.
We found this Steakhouse since it was on the Restaurant week list. Simply amazing. We shared the caviar and green salad for appys and both had the 10 oz filet mignon. Very tender and came with several sauces if you wanted them. Had mac and cheese and mashed potatoes for sides. Desserts were yummy too! We ordered a bottle of red wine and it was decanted into a beautiful decanter. There were several styles of decanters throughout the restaurant. Bruno the owner comes aroud to greet patrons, which is a very nice touch. All-in-all a perfect evening! Nice decor!
We had a Living Social deal for this restaurant. The customer service was outstanding, from the moment we arrived until we left – ever so happy. A real rose graced the linen covered table and a new candle was immediately lit as we sat down. We started with a light yet crisp bottle of pinot gringo. The bread was fresh, varied and included my favorite, dark bread with raisins. We ordered salads – a difficult choice (as all the appetizers were so appealing but we were trying to control the calories somewhat). The salads, one of fresh greens (delicately seasoned with a delicious blue cheese dressing) and the classic caesar were as good as they get. My filet mignon and my husband’s hanger steak were cooked exactly as each of us ordered – one rare and one medium rare. Both were tender, healthy portions that were seasoned to perfection. We talked to the waiter about how good the au poive sauce tasted. He quickly reappeared with a selection of other sauces for our dipping experience: hollandaise, béarnaise, mushroom and steak. The sides of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were attractively served in little ramekins and tasted wonderful. This was a lovely evening that included outstanding service and food. Highly recommend.
My wife picked out this place for lunch so I had no idea what to expect but was blown away with the layers of flavor in each bite. All the ingredients were super fresh. We stared out with one of their signature margaritas. They don't serve free tortillas so we ordered a salsa trio with warm chips. For my meal I ordered Pescados fish tacos (grilled) that comes garnished with guacamole, shaved green cabbage, coriander lime mayo, pickled red onions, and cilantro. I highly recommend. 
Amazing nachos with guacamole to start with, then got the enchiladas and chimichanga for the table. I personally prefer the green salsa enchilada but all the rest was very good too. Great spot for Mexican cuisine, close to the theaters so perfect stop on the way to your show. 
Was going to a play at the Barrymore across the street so stopped in for a quick bite. Service was not very attentive but waitstaff was pleasant, and was a busy hopping place at this time of day. Great cheese enchiladas in a delicious red mole like sauce, along with delicious green rice and black beans. Not a big fan of the Landrys chain or chain restaurants in particular, but good food in a good atmosphere. 
Overall - This is my second visit, for the first visit I sat with my family in the main dining room and it got 3 stars. This second visit was just the wife and I at the bar and it scored 5 stars. Even though it is family appropiate it is better for a more "fun adult" outing. Food & Drinks - As it is National Tequila day we "had" to ordered two shots of tequila (Avion), wife got a prickly pear margarita and I got a corona light. Pretty standard, beverages. Orders the guacamole, taco dou (pork and chicken) and empanadas de platano to share. All three were great the clear winner was definitely the empanadas de platano made with sweet platanos, not the green ones, stuffed with black beans and cheese. I was a little leary but after the first bite I made that surprised face :). Service - The bartendar Carlos was knowledgeable about all of the drinks, a true pro. He walked us through a little tasting and all of his recommendations were on point. First time drinking a Mezcal and I am going to look for the tequila he recommended at my local liquor store.Atmosphere - Times square in Mexico ... so semi authentic but flashy since it is in times square.
We have reservations for this "Mexican" restaurant near Times Square. Despite this, it took us 15 minutes to be seated. And there were plenty of available tables that were ready. Not a good first impression! The guacamole should have been named "Mashed Avocados"...no cilantro, no seasoning. Just mashed green "stuff". My entree which was supposed to be cheese enchiladas, was loaded with chili powder...the most I have tasted anywhere in the world in this dish. This restaurant is expensive for Mexican food. Just keep on walking and find another restaurant.
It was Cinco de Mayo and my husband and I were in NYC, so a Mexican restaurant was a must! We stopped in during the middle of a small monsoon for lunch. The food was fantastic. We started with chips and salsa. We got a tray with three types of salsa- one was way too hot for us, but the mild green salsa was wonderful and the chips were warm. We ordered steak (carne asada) and chicken (pollo) tacos. Both were very good! Our server was very nice and good about checking on us often. Overall, a great experience!
I recommend the Green Tomatillo Salsa which comes with the Guacamole. We were seated by a woman who tried to seat our party of three at a 2 person table. After we demanded to be moved, she took us to a proper table. Two minutes later she tried to move us again, but when she saw the look on our faces, she let us stay. Nesha (at least that's what I think her name was) was our waiter. She tried to give a large Guacamole to us (an adult and two kids) when she hadn't even asked. She took it off the bill, but also added a corn she shouldn't of charged.
Great ambience! The Green Hour specials are great along with the friendly staff. Here on Labor Day and they offer half off bottles of wine.
Hello,Thank you for sharing your dining experience with us! We appreciate your feedback and hope to have you with us again!
I went for lunch at Boucherie for business. The other 2 guests' dish looked good (steak fries and roasted salmon) but my warm Goat cheese salad was a big no. 2 tiny pieces of bread (not even toasted) covered with cold Goat cheese spread lost in a mountain of green salad, it had nothing to do with the traditional recipe, that is usually very rich (using a specific type of Goat cheese that is served warm). This one was very disappointing.
Amazing food, don’t miss the green hour special. George and Kevin behind the bar took amazing care of us!! 
We came for the Green Hour special at the bar and I highly recommend it. The food and drinks are incredible and a great value for the price. I would recommend the White Lady cocktail. George and Kevin were very kind and attentive. We’ll definitely be back!
Fantastic French food just extremely delicious. Been here five times. Once to celebrate a special birthday that was so amazing The food is Fantastic the wine was excellent and the desert amazing!! It has such a French Feel to this restaurant you think that you are in France. We have gone also for Brunch and that was terrific, the food and coffee is really good We have been to their Green hour which is the same as happy hour three times. The bartenders are really nice and make really good drinks. Plus the prices are very affordable. Thburgers are delicious 
Had a wonderful time at Boucherie in the Village this afternoon. Came for Green Hour, apps were great, try the octopus, Old Fashion was delicious. CA is out of power, so happy to be in NYC! Big thanks to our bartender Kevin, his recommendations were spot on.
The restaurant has an engaging presence from the street. Sadly, the food was edible, ordinary at best. We ordered 2 salads: Nicoise and Caesar, with a side of Brie. The quality of the greens on both salads did not appear to be very fresh and the dressing had little flavor. 
Had a great experience at Boucherie. Enjoyed their “green hour” with drink and food specials. Friendly staff. Quiet, moody.
The West Village has hundreds of restaurants and most of them are very good. Boucherie is on the top of the List. The interior is designed like a true Paris Brasserie with tile walls, mirrors reflecting the days gone by, wood and tile flooring and charming tables surrounded by greenery. There is a sidewalk café, bar and open-air skylights. It is truly as if you walked into a restaurant in Paris. The place is busy and is also one of three; Boucherie on Park and Petit Boucherie are sister eateries. Green hour is their way of saying Happy hour from 4-7, so make a date and join the crowds.The food is very good. It doesn’t matter when you go or what you order, you will not be disappointed. The omelets are delicious and over-sized, the French toast melts in your mouth and the beef, well the beouf is superb! The food is very French, so there is a nice uniqueness to dining here. The drinks are hearty and the Fromage is delectable. A nice glass of wine and a platter of cheese here can be more than enough on a summer night.The service was excellent and well appreciated. The servers are polite, they know their menu and are attentive, but not overbearing.Very much the place to be over and over again.
For $100 per person it is not a matter of “expecting” everything to be at the top of their game, it should be a matter of fact - not so on this first visit to Boucherie. Front desk, excellent, welcoming, ‘assistant waitstaff, quite attentive, our waiter, poor at best. It was as if we were doing him a favor being there. After choosing a wine that they were out of, I asked for a minute to look back through the listings. Ten minutes later he reappeared - it was a Wednesday night, busy but not slammed from what I could see. Our wine would sit, nicely, in a chilled bucket for the rest of the evening, out of reach otherwise I would have poured it myself since the waiter nor the maitre d’ seemed to notice our glasses were empty until I caught their eye to bring it to their attention. Eggplant/goat cheese green salad, excellent, sweetbreads, amazing, the duck confit, poor - dry, and the “potato chips” tasted, the two I ate, like wet sponges - can’t say exactly what a wet sponge tastes like but this would be it. Oh yes, the waiter did come back once to see if everything was alright. 
Our new spot! We love the "green hour" and how great the staff has been to us! The environment is also amazing and a spot to go when you want a cute time in New York city😇😇😇
This newish restaurant opened about seven months ago. I was really happy to have an early dinner to enjoy this location.Boucherie is a very large restaurant space. We sat inside and we were near by the outdoor seating space. After some exploring throughout the meal, the location is deceptively small. It can seat over 200 people which is not common for a lot of Greenwich Village locations.The overall décor is very open plan and welcoming. I really like the different seating spaces within the larger area. Next time, I would also like to try the outdoor seating.We really were hungry and ready to try a few different items from this new location. The staff started us off with some complimentary bread with olives with a grape tomato and prosciutto.Since it was before 7pm, we were luckily there during happy hour. The wine list looked very interesting but we looked at some craft cocktails with happy hour pricing of $10 each. We ordered the Marguerite for $10 with happy hour pricing and La Douce Framboise for $15. The Marguerite is made with Barbancourt Rhum Blanc, Green Chartreuse, lime and mint with blueberries instead of raspberries because they were out of raspberries. La Douce Framboise is made with Barbancourt Rhum Blanc, Dolin Blanc, lemon, raspberries, and hibiscus bitter.For appetizers, we were going to try two appetizers. Our server told us that the portions were quite large so we would be able to share one comfortably. It was a good suggestion. We ordered the Pâtes aux Fruits de Mer for $29. This item was very well flavored. I really liked the squid ink linguine. The seafood portion was very generous and delicious.For our entrees, we shared Confit de Canard Pommes Salardaises for $32 with confit duck leg, frisée and truffle potatoes. This duck was very succulent and delicious balance with the potatoes. I highly recommend it .We had a second round of cocktails to with Anti Douleur for $10 with happy hour pricing and Bouchierie Sazerac for $10 with happy hour pricing. The Anti Douleur is made with Rhum Clement CSOP, La Muse Verte, pineapple, coconut and orange. Bouchierie Sazerac is made with Ritterhouse Rye, Pierre Ferrand 1840, Vieux Pontlier, Peychaud’s Bitters, madagascar vanilla and lemon.Our second entrée was the Côte de Bœuf Pour Deux for $145. This dish comes with 40 oz tomahawk rib-eye, roasted bone marrow & bordelaise. Yes, it is 40 oz. The bone marrow was fantastic with this dish. I have never had bone marrow with a meal. It was extremely tasty. The price tag is high but it was really worth it.Finally, we had one dessert to share which was the Profiteroles $10 with puff pastry was flaky, cuddled by chocolate drizzle and vanilla ice cream.
Definitely order the crab Rangoon and the green curry. Best green curry since Thailand! Love it here.
So delicious and great service! I had the green curry and it was amazing. Service was quick and the outdoor seating was awesome. 
This is the best ramen experience I have had since moving to New York City! We ordered the Phuket Noodles with crispy pork belly and the Green Curry Noodles with chicken. Both flavor profiles were dynamite and certainly worth the trip to the UES. The atmosphere was lively and the food presentation was thoughtfully prepared. A great place for dinner with friends or a date night! We’ll be back! 
Good food! Nice ambiance. Good tea and good location. Highly recommend the green tea and fried rice. 
This place was amazing, I went with my daughter and we both had a great time. For appetizers we got the chicken skewers and Crispy rice with spicy tuna simply delicious. And for dinner, i got the green curry thai ramen and my daughter got the Phuket Chicken thai ramen, and let me tell you its giving Japanese ramen a run for its money! We end with fried ice cream, I can't believe this was my first time having it here but it was elite, it tasted like vanilla wrapped in funnel cake, I took a quick trip to the state fair!! And the service was great as well, the waiters were courteous, and the food actually came out very quickly
Stopped by Bua for dinner & it was great! The menu has tons of options, it was so hard to choose, but we ended up getting the Crispy Tuna, Sriracha Soft Shell Crab, Massamun Curry & Green Curry Ramen. All the food was amazing, and I would definitely recommend the Pina Colada as well! Will definitely be back soon!
4 stars for food, 2.5 stars for atmosphere, vibe, etc. I'll start with the negative. The place is stunning but in the back where we were seated was super cramped and we were packed in like cattle. On top of that, the staff were rearranging chairs and tables almost the whole time we were there to the point where we had to constantly shift in our seats to avoid being bumped by a person or chair. And the staff were also yelling at each other over all the other patrons trying to figure out how to literally pack more people in. As we looked around, it was clear many others were not enjoying their experience either. We picked this place based on reviews and because it was a 2 minute walk from the Comic Strip Live where we were going for a show. We had a 6:15 reservation.The postive was the food. Reasonable prices, nice portions that could be shared. The one miss for us was the baked crab hand roll. Not a ton of flavor. The crispy rice with spicy tuna and green curry with chicken were wonderful. Three drinks between us and our total tab was around $80. Nice prices for NYC...
I must admit - when I saw how busy the restaurant was on a Tuesday night, I was nervous that I'd get short-changed on the hospitality. Wow, was I wrong! My sister and I were greeted promptly and we decided to sit outside. I was relieved that we were given enough time to explore their tremendous menu filled with vegan options, to my heart's delight.We decided to order the taro (sweet, bruleed crust of sugar) and shishito (not spicy at all, just yummy) small plates, and then I got the Thai Ramen Noodles with vegetarian duck and my sister got the Green Curry with vegetarian duck and vermicelli noodles (perfectly spicy and full of flavor). For dessert, we got the taro custard brulee which was shockingly delicious.One of the things that impressed me the most was how clean both of their bathroom stalls were, which is usually my tell-all for any restaurant. I love that even in the midst of a hectic night, hygiene is clearly a priority to this spot.Can't wait to go back and so excited to have discovered this gem!
Service was nice and quickHuge selection of dishesThe green curry was advertised as spicy, and it was!
When I think of Thai food, I imagine food genuinely made in the tradition of Thailand and Thai culture - featuring robust flavors and ingredients that are traditional to the cuisine. And yet, somehow this place misses the mark so utterly it makes me question why Thai is in the restaurant name. We ordered Pad See Ew and Green curry and truly cannot understand how they’re called that. The noodles were over cooked and mushy, swimming in the sauce like it was a noodle soup. And for some reason, broccoli was used in replacement of Chinese broccoli - it didn’t work in the least. The green curry was a literal soup with the rice already in it. No consideration for a person’s preference of rice to curry ratio or the amount of spice, or even the allowance that the dish would be shared amongst the table. And as if that wasn’t enough, the service was horrible. Three people served 10 tables and somehow couldn’t spend the fraction of a moment to even look in our general direction.Call it what you want, but it isn’t Thai, that isn’t service, and it isn’t good.
Amazing ambiance, some of the best Thai food I've had between New York, Vancouver and Toronto (I've been around) and the freshest. Soooo many green vegetables- the healthiest meal I've probs ever had at a Thai restaurant. (I'm too proud of that eh?) I also appreciate the fact they have a nice bar to sit at, cuz I'm often eating solo. (Oh ya I still paired my healthy meal with some wine- I'm not an animal lol.)
Bua Thai Ramen & Roberta Grill is a floral paradise on the Upper East Side. Amidst the flowers, the Pina Colada in a pineapple is a must-try, and the Super Crunchy Rice sushi adds a delightful twist.The Crab Rangoons are crispy delights that shine amidst the blooms. The Green Chili Ramen brings a flavorful kick, while the Mango Sticky Rice is a sweet, floral finale.For a truly unique experience that blends ambiance and flavors, Bua Thai Ramen & Roberta Grill is where it's at.
I tried Bua Thai for the first time. I was really impressed by the lighting and decor. I was seated right away and my drink order was taken quickly. We had the Pina Colada served in a pineapple and the Bangkok Mule with a Tito's nip tucked in. We started with fried chicken dumplings and Sriracha wings. The sauce for the wings was perfection and the dumplings were nice and crunchy. For our entrée we had the Thai Ramen Basil with duck and Pineapple fried rice with beef. The presentation was nice and a good portion of food. The flavors were really fresh and spicy but not overpowering. We managed to save room for dessert. We had the green tea ice cream and chocolate fried ice cream. The green tea was light and delicious. I enjoyed the fried ice cream. The shell was almost like cake. I was totally stuffed but it was so worth it. The servers were very attentive. Our waiter checked on us frequently. We never had to wait for anything. Bua is great spot for a date night or to hang out with friends.
We enjoyed some ramen and a delicious basil fried rice and green curry! I recommend ordering the beef belly - nice and crispy!
Amazing portions, yummy food, and the green curry ramen was delicious. crab rangoon and the pork belly buns were the highlight
Our first dinner at Spice Symphony was outstanding. It was a warm summer night and we reserved a table in their lovely outdoor space at the curb, socially distanced. It was very comfortable, like a cozy pavilion. We've eaten at some of the finest Indian restaurants in Manhattan, and were not sure what to expect at this small midtown spot. The food at Spice Symphony was right up there with the best. We started with an appetizer: small, spicy quinoa patties with a bright green chutney. They were not on the menu but our server, Nisar, brought them with out cocktails. We also shared samosas, nan bread, vegetable biryani, and lamb seekh kabab, with a chilled bottle of wine. All the food was delicious with fresh, distinct flavors and just the right amount of spice and heat. Nisar explained some of the menu items and provided great service that was leisurely and relaxed. All in all, a delightful evening, and we will definitely be back.
Found them on TripAdvisor and they exceeded my high expectations. I went for lunch today and had the Salt & Pepper Prawns with steamed rice (under $20). Shrimp cooked perfectly and the flavors were fantastic- green onions, peppers in a great sauce. Full of spices, but not hot, just flavorful. Ambiance and service is five star. You can't go wrong here
I visited Spice Symphony together with my girlfriend in september 2016. Even though the place doesnt look like much from the outside, it is a must-visit if you like indian food. The food is excellent - wonderfully flavored and nicely presented. Try the samosas with the fresh, minty green sauce. So good!
The pizza is good! Excellent crust, good sauce. We had the truffle pizza high was great, and the margarita with green olives, both great. 
I have no idea how this place got so highly rated.Service was horrible and food almost as bad.Waitress took forever to appear, brought out things disjointedly and disappeared. Really terrible.Bruschetta was tomatoes on toast. Pear salad was greens, a few slices of pear, one walnut, one cheese crumble. 
My boyfriend and I were looking for a good, sit-down pizza dinner and I chose this place based on the reviews here. It did not disappoint! I tried a lovely small pie with artichoke hearts, mushrooms, fresh green olives, and ham - and it was AMAZING. I’m sure there are plenty of delicious pizza places to choose from in NYC but this one is definitely worth a try.
This is one of the BEST pizza places I have ever been to. If I had the choice, I would give this fantastic place 10 stars! There is a choice of pizzas which are all very yummy, and come very fast. The service is incredibly fast. My friends and I ordered a 29 inch pie, and it came in 10 minutes.  The pizzas only come in pies, and are cash only. There in a ATM inside. This helps a lot! When I went on a family trip to Italy, I had some very tasty pizza but this pizza, Mmmm!So good. If you prefer olives on the pizza, there are fresh green olives. You must go to this place. So good. It is very close to a train station and next to NYU. One of the best places ever. I hope you enjoy!
Just a clarification - the Numero 28 we ate at is on 2nd Avenue on the West side of New York city. This is the only one I could find, so, hopefully, they are owned by the same people.We shared a lovely salad, which was full of olives, artichoke hearts, greens, and wonderfully shaved park cheese, lightly dressed. Hubby had a bowl of macaroni with eggplant. I had their lasagna. It was very reminiscent of Italy, with béchamel, delicious meat, cheese, and, of course, pasta! Fortunately we had exactly enough cash!!! Yes, they have an ATM in the back of the restaurant.....It was a wonderful day and we enjoyed our Italian treat greatly!
We've been going to the Standard Grill Plaza outside on the green on Wed/ Thur nights when they have Drag Trivia.. really a fun night had by all! Emcee'd by Ru Paul Drag Race stars - we order cocktails and dinner and partake in a really fun night out!! Our table even won a round!! We got prizes and a round of drinks! Food and cocktails are always delicious - will be going back again and again! Part of the fun of NYC Summers!!
It had been almost a year since we dined here and were excited to experience the renewed restaurant now that chef Rocco DiSpirito helms the kitchen. This is a long, detailed review, so if you’d rather cut to the bottom line for us it’s this: we had a wonderful waiter, got to sit in a comfy booth with a view of the chef working in the kitchen, the special grill items were really excellent, my salmon was disappointing but cheerfully got replaced, the sea bass and baked Alaska were very good. We’d probably return. Now here’s our dinner in detail ...We had one of the first reservations of the evening and we were a few minutes early, so we had to wait in the cafe area for a bit until they were done getting ready for service. That was fine, although the cafe staff seemed a bit perplexed that we were sitting there and came to tell us we should order drinks directly from the bartender. It took me a moment to realize that they didn’t know that we were awaiting a table in the dining room and perhaps thought we were awaiting cafe bar service.In a short while we got seated in a nice corner booth adjacent to the open kitchen in the dining room. We were very happy about this so that we could see what was happening in the kitchen a little from time-to-time. My husband particularly got to see a bit of Chef Rocco in action in the kitchen, which was an added bonus. I’ve read that they’ve done a bit of redecorating since the previous incarnation of the restaurant but frankly I didn’t notice the changes. There still is the penny-laden floor, the vaulted ceiling, and the dark wood. The tufted leather booth was comfy! I really began to feel comfortable, though, when several staff members stopped by to tell me they loved my “Schitt’s Creek’ t-shirt and we got to chat for a minute here and there about my favorite TV show ever! Our server, Rodrigo, turned out not just to be a fan of the show (so he and me and my hubby got to bond a bit here and there) but also ended up being a delightful, service-oriented, efficient, attentive and caring waiter. He really was wonderful and is a great example of why NYC dining experiences can be better than anywhere.Being always a bit skeptical about food trends/gimmicks, we weren’t sure how we felt about the White Oak charcoal hunk in our water carafe, although the water tasted good (but so does NYC tap water). The amuse bouche was a tasty bite of smoked salmon and coconut creme fraiche on a nutty cracker-like “Game Changing Toast.” It was really deelish. The restaurant features a number of items cooked on a Binchotan grill which apparently uses White Oak and gets temperatures approaching 1000 degrees Fahrenheit. The restaurant does still have the word “grill” in its name, after all. So even though I tend to stay away from skewers we ordered three different ones as starters -- one was bluefin toro, another was wild shrimp wrapped in sea lettuce and a third was some sort of scallop. All were really substantial for skewers and had a simplicity that was also complex somehow -- with a little sweetness to them. They arrive on a wheeled table with the Binchotan grill (looks like a box) and the waiter plucked them off the grill and into serving bowls for us. We were surprisingly happy.For entrees we continued with seafood. Hubby got the poached Black Sea Bass with green olives and a red pepper puree and I got the organic Norwegian Salmon with fennel-glazed beets and cashew cream. My first bite of my entree was soooo good -- a beautiful balance of sweet and salty and I insisted my hubby take a bite but as I was finishing that first forkful I detected a bit of fishiness. I gave him a bite and he felt it was fishy, too. My second bite confirmed. In the meantime he was loving his sea bass. Rodrigo came by at just the right time to check on us and we told him about my salmon and he whisked my plate off to the kitchen for Chef Rocco to investigate. Here’s where a wonderful NYC waiter shines. He came back saying that Chef Rocco tasted my plate and thought it was fine, but that if I’d like to switch entrees he’d be happy to. I ended up ordering what hubby had and really liked it, even though I usually don’t go for red pepper purees. The sea bass was light and delicate but somehow stood up to the saltiness of the green olives. We split a lovely little Mandarin Baked Alaska for dessert and it was not only beautiful but the orange, chocolate and meringue was a nice combo of tart, sweet, and bitter. Good!I noticed that Chef Rocco came out into the dining room to greet some tables and take a photo with one of the patrons. Since we have no “VIP” status nor do we know him, he didn’t stop by our table, and we didn’t expect him to. He actually is cooking on the line here, so it was a treat to get a glimpse of an award-winning chef “doing his thing” in the kitchen. The real “star” of our little dinner, though, was Rodrigo!When it was time for the bill to arrive, Rodrigo gracefully mentioned that they took the salmon entree off of our bill, which was much appreciated. We felt well taken care of. On our trip home we discussed how we felt about the restaurant -- we agreed that it wasn’t life-changing but it was quite good and the service was spectacular. Since then I’ve read Pete Well’s NY Times review, we are inspired to come back and try some of the grilled beef entrees one of these days.
The location is great, right below the High Line not far away from Chelsea Market, ideal for taking some rest after touring around. The burger is very nice, good bacon, although the pickle is a bit tasteless. The green curry mussel is quite special to me and turn out to be very nice. The fries are AMAZING, probably the best among all things we took. I can't comment much on the drink - we took only a beer and coke. Service is quick and price is reasonable. Overall I'm very happy with it. 
We arrived at noon, before the lunch rush but it still took the servers over 20 minutes to take our order, 45 minutes before bread was brought to the table. So many servers there but we felt virtually ignored. The food was okay but over-priced. My side of creamed greens came out tepid, but the seared tuna was better. But the most annoying thing was that the servers kept bumping into me. Inexcusable really. Poor layout. Our table server spilled drops of a soft drink on my entree as they reached over the table. Another handed a heavy play to my elderly mother in law, rather than plaint it on the table, she almost dropped it. Will not be returning.
Nothing feels more wonderful than losing one's self in the lap of English luxury mixed with a downtown artsy note. The omelettes are sumptuous and easy to linger over as are all of the traditional Sunday comfort foods. Having the ability to throw tradition to the wind and opt for a tall green juice makes the Grill all the more " chill. " Thanks to the wonderful staff for keeping glasses filled, plates moving at a relaxed pace and always serving with smiles. 
We were seated in the bar area of this casual and rather noisy restaurant. Clientele were mostly younger than our 50's - 70's group but we did not feel out of place. Location in the meatpacking district was easy to get to by car (we came from CT). Others came by taxi with no problems. My wife and I had turkey sandwiches which come with a salad of greens. No need to order much else, but we did enjoy the desserts, especially the marinated pear and apple crisp. Wine-by-the-glass selection was good and our server was outstanding. Restrooms are clean and spacious by NYC standards. Meal was a bit pricey but we had several drinks during our 4 hour stay.
The standard offered a complimentary dinner for residents affected by the pressure cooker bomb in Chelsea. Workers and wait staff were very nice. Food was okay. The trout was a tad under-cooked for my taste, and some of the greens were soggy. Nice, lively ambiance was almost ruined by some of their rich, young rude clientele. If you like mingling with the young, rich, set- this is the place for you; just be prepared for some rude patrons and OK food.
We had a table outside which was very nice. The place is quite pricy but the food was good. I initially wanted the lamb, but it turned out they were out of that which I think they should have told us when they handed out the menus. I therefore had a New York Strip which was cooked a bit too much (I ordered medium rare, but got a medium). The potatoes were nice and so were the baked greens. The corn was disappointing. At this level price wise I think they should serve you bread and butter while you wait for your food.
We walked the Highline in New York and Google Maps found this place to eat. Any restaurant that calls itself a "Grill" in New York must be good...In short, after the amount of beef we had already eaten we opted for the Salmon, which was delicious as were the fries and creamed greens.The service was poor though. We asked a waiter for a table and he just nodded in the direction of another waiter who in turn nodded towards the front desk, where we were eventually seated. Although it was in the 80s they had the outdoor heaters on. After asking twice if they could be turned off, they eventually told us they couldn't. Other customers were also complaining about the heat so we were not alone.So the food was good, but the staff were arrogant and unhelpful.
We had lunch at The Standard Grill. My son's burger was charred and burnt completely black. We complained, and they brought a new one that was just as burnt, and so was the bun. Our White Wine (Sancerre) was served in very small glasses that could have been for port or sherry, but the waitress did change the glasses to bigger ones. We asked not to have any chili due to allergy, but the side order - a vegetable-plate - was nontheless sprayed with red and green chili, so the waitress had to take it back and get us another. All in all the staff wasn't very professional, and we didn't even get a refund for the Black burger. McDonald's had been a better choice...
I may be the last person to go to the hip Standard Grill at the Standard Hotel beneath the Highline and near the Whitney. We went for lunch at noon on a weekday and there were many choices of places to sit. We sat inside near the front window. I ordered a regular salad (delicious light dressing) and shared it with my friend. It was enough to share as an appetizer. My friend had the yogurt chicken and I had the veggie burger. The burger was delicious and I skipped the bun and fries (believe me I could have eaten the entire thing but I am trying to loose some weight) I really was far happier with the menu than I thought. Clams and oysters looked fresh and delicious and at the same time the burger seemed hearty and tempting. I had a fruit plate for dessert and it was beautifully presented with apples, bananas, oranges, grapes and berries. My friend tried the green tea baked alaska . It was still frozen when served but she finished it happily. The staff all came to the table for feedback as it was new on the menu. We moved tables for dessert because we were cold in the front. I liked the back room, very clubby with booths. There were some celebrities and happily some old friends. The staff could not have been nicer and we were well taken care of the entire time. The only drawback might be on the weekends when it is packed and probably noisier. I will definitely return and I would hang out here if I lived downtown.
I’ve always believed that the most important meal for a hotel restaurant is not dinner, but brunch. Those of us who are waking and not wanting to make any strenuous trek to a dining destination find a luxurious bonus in being able to stumble onto an elevator and walk a few feet to find sustenance. In the case of the Standard Grill at the Standard High Line, it’s a destination in its own right. From the stylish staff (attired in Burberry-inspired plaid) to the cozy atmosphere – perfect for a holiday weekend – the Standard Grill provides a brunch that rises above the average, much like its host hotel. Though there was a bit of a wait on a bustling Sunday, that’s to be expected at prime brunch time. The service is otherwise friendly and attentive to make up for it, but the food is where the place gets to shine.I opted for a standard Eggs Benedict with micro greens and fresh herbs, the latter making all the difference in the world, elevating the hollandaise sauce to new heights. The importance of fresh herbs and greens, even as an accent, should never be underestimated, and the Standard wisely employs them in perfect proportions and placement. The waffle dish, served with a towering pile of freshly-whipped bourbon cream that simply soars to the ceiling, is a decadent delight, set off by tart spiced apples and topped with pecans. The waffle itself is light and fluffy, with the slightest outer crunch. Even the healthier option of fresh berries, Greek yogurt and granola (the choice of my dining partner) astounds with flavor and richness. There is also an interesting selection of fresh juices available if you’re trying to justify the Benedict or the waffle (in addition to the usual brunch cocktail fare). I opted for the ‘High C’ – watermelon, ginger and grapefruit – which was a nice balance of sour and sweet, gentle and biting. A lovely entry into brunch – soft but with the slightest edge – not unlike this gorgeous brunch spot.
i can recommend the steak and eggs breakfast plus any of the waffles or pancakes. the green juice is uber healthy and the grilled chicken is solid good hearty food. 
The Standard was a nice surprise to us - the ribeye to share was excellent, and the side mushrooms were as well. Our friend's salmon was great, too. The only disappointment were the side greens. Service pays attention and is very friendly. Definitely recommended! Make sure to book a table in advance!
This was by far the best food we had whilst staying in NYC. Staff were really good, & I got special attention because it was my birthday. Complimentary glasses of champagne & desserts. Felt like VIP's ! The lamb was delicious & the side dish of greens just stunning. Wish we didn't live on the other side of the Atlantic or we would be back every week! Thank you for making us feel so welcome.
We were staying at the Marriott recently and Bill's Burger was just downstairs at the hotel so we went for breakfast one day and while the restaurant is very cozy and nice, staff was welcoming and friendly ... we ordered omelettes and juice. The waiter brought over toast for my husband and .... there was green mold on it! Gross. We sent it back right away ... the waiter apologized and brought over a new batch but regardless we were bit turned off after that. The Omelettes were fine but we were expecting better at that price. Would not recommend. Sorry. 
We ate at the Chelsea location on our last trip to NYC, and then found out there was one near Times Square. So this trip, we decided to try the 43rd St location, and it is just as good. The people at Los Tacos know FLAVOR, and they are very nice and helpful. I had the steak quesadilla, and my wife had a steak taco. Both were amazing because the steak is cooked perfectly. It is chopped small and has charring around the edges like steak should have. Their ingredients are fresh, and the salsa is delicious. I had a "green bottle" coke with mine and it was a perfect lunch. We loved it so much, we decided to have lunch there again the next day before heading to the airport. It was even better the second day because I had been thinking about it for 24 hours. If you love tacos and simple, authentic Mexican food.....this is a must try when in NYC. And did I mention it is pretty inexpensive compared to other NYC lunch spots? Well, it is. I wish I had photos to share, but honestly, we ate it so fast, there was no time.
Got the chicken & steak tacos w everything & flour tortillas & got chips & guacamole. Good & cheap but that’s about it. Salsas are very good especially the red & green. Glad I tried it would go back for more maybe to try something else. Very busy establishment & there was a wait outside but they move quickly! Not sure what the hype is but the food is good.
the miss ohara is delicious! My fiance got the three shades of green with vodka and it was so refreshing. the jardin is my favorite. George makes the best drinks. Highly recommend!!!
My BFF, Jill, and I were not sure where to eat. Looked in the window not many people.Decided let’s go in. Atmosphere and ambience felt like a European cafe, decor very welcoming, beautiful bar and well stocked....the best was the staff!! Nick, our waiter and Vladimir were extremely accommodating. There was a good variety of eggs prepared many ways, fresh greens,and other brunch like food. Coffee & cappuccino were very good. A Bloody Mary and Bellini was enjoyed by us.
Came here for the first time with a friend.Cocktails were amazing (French 85 , 3 shades of green) We had escargots, foie gras, rib eye, branzino. Everything was really good and well priced.Service was really dedicated.We had a really good time and will definitely come back.
The Consulate is a consummate example of hospitality - a delicious, inviting blend of amazing food, excellent wine choices, an inviting and relaxing atmosphere, and a team of seamless professionals who keep hospitality at the fore.When considering drinks, we were drawn in immediately by beverage director Igor's wine list! Throughout the evening, he generously and personably added to the stellar service provided by our server Steve (and the rest of the team). We tried the octopus as an appetizer, which was fantastic. So tender, great flavors - so good! I had the short rib cavatelli with ricotta, which was just as sinfully sumptuous as you'd expect from the title. The portion size was generous, and yet the dish retained some illusion of lightness... so I felt I could just keep eating and eating. Perfectly cooked cavatelli commingled with tender flavorful short rib, the sauciness at the bottom, the ricotta on the top... and floating on there was a dreamy compliment of dill, which I wouldn't have expected and yet so enjoyed!My mother had the skate, which was tasty and tender. The slight crispness around the edges, the capers, a bright lemony sauce, and greens were immaculate. I imagine the UWS will truly appreciate the nod to classic cuisine here; it was an artfully simple classic dish.Desserts were similarly tasty, from an inventive tres leche to a fudgy, silky smooth chocolate creation that grasped the fine line of being the perfect amount of sweet. And if you're at all a dessert aficionado, do yourself the favor of pairing with a dessert wine.... the 20yr tawny port was smooth smooth smooth.This restaurant checks off all the boxes, from the beautiful relaxing glowy/spacious/classy yet comfortable ambiance, to the fantastically knowledgeable, genuinely pleasant, and truly hospitable team. It's a dream and I can't recommend it enough! Go! And send your friends!
Fine ambience & friendly staff, all of whom thanked us for dining in Bruno’s, which was nice!I did not remember to take pictures of the complimentary colorful and good tasting platter of asiago cheese, red & green olives and cold cut & warm bread, our Fried Calamari appetizer, which was tender with crunchy & airy batter, my guest’s Mixed Green House Salad, our main courses of three Di Mare Mixed Seafood Linguini, one Grilled Salmon and one Scallops special. My French mother finished all her scallops, almost all of the green beans and the potatoes. She has not dined with such good appetite in a while!My hubby liked his salmon and commented that the green beans were delicious. Coming from a very picky person who consumes practically no vegetables, that’s a huge compliment for the Chef!The remaining three of us were quite content with our Di Mare. Everything was fresh in our plate and prepared well.Bruno’s also distinguishes itself with the provision not only of cloth napkins but also with elegant paper napkins (ref. 4th picture uploaded from the left). Both are necessary when dining.We lucked out with street parking but Bruno’s offer valet parking for guests’ convenience.Taking guests to Bruno’s for a dinner treat during the holiday season would not embarrass any host. Thanks in part toMr. Raphael, who also refilled my cup of hot water. The fresh specials of meat and seafood that they show you on a cart are impressive! Their glass of Cabernet at $12 is big. Coffee at $3 is reasonable. However, desserts at $10 is stiff for both the Cannoli and Tiramisu. The price is reasonable for the Chocolate mouse and Tartufo.My impression of Bruno’s would have been absolutely perfect had they served spreadable butter in a dish instead of the tiny square commercial butter that pizzerias serve. Lastly, they gave me and my guests a square table instead of a table for five as per my reservation. Albeit the table have pulled up leaves, the leaf where I was seated slanted down. 
Bruno’s set the bar high as to what a satisfying dining experience should be; providing quality traditional Italian cuisine enhanced by professional waiter service. We were warmly greeted upon entering this elegantly decorated cozy restaurant, the comforting aroma of gravy (AKA pasta sauce), olive oil and garlic brought back memories of entering my grandmother’s home for Sunday dinner. The owner walked table to table ensuring that each guest had an enjoyable meal, addressing many patrons by name like, a longtime friend. Appetizing trays of fresh produce was presented to us and explained in detail assisting us in our dining choices as we nibbled on the crispy warm bread and olives, cheese, pepperoni complementary pre-dinner appitizers. Seasonal specials like stuffed zucchini flowers and stuffed zucchini were offered, as well as staples like stuffed clams and fried calamari. I love grilled pulpo and there’s did not disappoint. Lightly grilled octopus with a hint of olive oil over a satisfying tinge of greens. Our friend dining with us judges a good Italian restaurant by their baked clams. So of course we had to have Bruno’s clams oreganata: briny garlicky sauce brought out the sweetness of the tender clam lightly covered with breading. My mouth is watering just writing about this meal. Others have gone into great detail about specific dishes so I feel no need to elaborate now. The positive reviews are true.This is an up-scale restaurant, the service, quality of food and prices are reflected in this. Keep in mind the portions are large, I would say some are family style enough for sharing. Also there is a dress code; so when you make your reservation, which is strongly advised, please ask what the dress code is as not to be disappointed.
Mu husband and I ate there recently. The restaurant was beautiful, service was good, food delicious. With that being said the portions were very small and drinks over priced. My husband had beer and he was charged $9.00. I had a glass of wine and was charged $13.00 a glass. We both ordered meat dishes which were two very small pieces of meat with two small potatoes and green beans. We have eaten at some of the best restaurants in New York and have never paid these prices for drinks or food. Very disappointing.
So this waa my first visit to Bruno's and after reading the reviews I was excited. There is complimentary valet, so that was a great start to the quaint lunch. We walked into the venue and was greeted by the head manager or owner guy. The place was very beautiful as well. The staff was extremely attentive, however, we had an inexperienced waiter who continually got the order wrong. I ordered grilled calamari and got fried. We ordered a crab cake, and I am very picky about my crab cakes. I asked prior to ordering how it was prepared. I asked specifically if there was a lot (mostly) crab meat, and explained that I don't like crab cakes with too much filling. He said that the crab cake was "all crab". My mouth was watering waiting for the biggest disappointment of my life! Not only was there only like 1 piece of crab meat in the whole burger patty sized cake, but the dough stuffing was undercooked and still battery. IT WAS ALL BATTER!!!! Lastly, I ordered a mixed green chicken salad. They brought out a house salad with iceberg lettuce instead of the mixed greens. On the other hand my counter part ordered egg plant and she was delighted by everything and said that she would be back. All the food on the surrounding tables looked amazing as well and people were finishing their plates. I must have ordered the meal! I will give them another chance because there was a lot of good things about this place.
